# May 2025

## Goals

x Repair the community and entreprenuer identities
x Begin advertising the 12-week bootcamp
x Gain proficiency up through Palito patterns

---

## Summary

- Began the month holding onto Brandi. "I can't wait to regret you." Saw her as
  provocative for being so kind-hearted, acting frequently like the victim when
  she was the one flirting. 
	- Actually really cool reading this back knowing the progress I've
	  made. I no longer see her with that same provocative energy since I
	  am guilty of similar things but never have those harmful intentions. She
	  genuinely wants to be nice and people take advantage of that, but is still
	  irresponsible with the power she has
- Had a pattern of falling for people who led me on and didn't have the
  strength to stand up for myself. All connected to a lack of confidence in
  standing up for myself from a lifetime of bullying and never being taught how
  to do so.
- Had trouble exploring dullness, especially how to move past it.
- The situation with Brandi manifested into a rape fantasy, where she kept me
  tied to her bed and used me as a sex toy
	- Still a step up from previous fantasies
	- Part of this narrative that she may not even have feelings for me
- Began pushing out of dullness more, recognizing it as something I previously
  interpreted as joy yet instead dulled the mind. This resulted in much more
  seemless sits
- After a week of the rape fantasy, had a loving fantasy which was terrifying
  and held the same intensity as something from a relationship
- Frequently recurring themse is I'm looking for permission to be with her,
  like her, flirt with her, or be myself with her. Looking for a reason to move
on or commit, and I'm looking for her to give me the answer to taht
- Desparate for her attention, willing to create a hostage situation with my
  emotional volatility to get her comfort
	- Connected to the OCD lab rat, love addiction that desparately tries
	  things to get her attention
- Finally allowed myself to be attracted to someone without having to stare at
  them for their approval
- Began teaching my first student both in music and Starbucks
- Struggled to communicate boundaries and establish a clear/confident authority
  for students
- Bought 6 books on marketing, confidence, and difficult conversations
- Began recognizing the extent of attachment issues after finally allowing
  myself to have feelings for Brandi
	- Focus on her is LOUD while she is around, not something I've been
	  able to control in the past
	- Same thing happens when Andy is around
	- Recognized that my "love" is fequently just attachment issues. 
	- Began feeling hornier for a more wholesome love as a result
- Noticed an underlying narrative where I surrounded myself with people who
  treated me porrly yet still molded myself into whoever they wanted me to be,
  made so much romm for pleasing them that there was never room for me.
	- The "love" I felt for Lizzie and all the bullying kept me going into
	  communities which always were harmful or lead me on
	- Noticed a resentment for Noah for taking my parents away from me
- Started reading EK and The Next Conversation
- Recognized the patterns that were consistent throughout relationships
	- I wanted Her to own me. "A safety in feeling like she'd do anything
	  to protect me. Even if it is all just to rape me over and over, it
	  means she wants me...She loves me. She tells me that all the time, especially
	  before using me. But I like it when she does that. It makes me feel wanted and
	  valuable...When She owns me, all the pain goes away. I just become part of
	  her...there's so much belonging. I never fight it. I just accept it. It's where
	  I'm meant to be...I'm all She wants. I'm enough. I'm her prize, her valuable
	  posession, Her love, and Her pleasure."	
- Recognized the pain came from the paradox of wanting to be owned without
  being controlled
- I want her to own me right off the bat, so I'm always waiting for her to make
  all the moves
- Shrinking myself plays 100% into this fantasy
- Saw the utility of the EK work and ventured deeper into more traumatizing
  things
- Uncovered the Brat narrative, always having childish partners who were
  emotionally unavailable or immature AND sexually deviant. 
	- I find pleasure in owning them, teasing them, playing with them
	- Derived from a lifetime of having to be the adult, never getting to
	  be the brat I wanted to be
	- Desired the emotional freedom, inherent sluttiness, victimization,
	  disdain for authority
	- I wanted to "Delight in being her forbidden fruit," Finding pleasure
	  in being just out of reach, them blaming them when they feel provoked
- Looked to her for comfort during the painful realization processes
- Reading back, it's crazy how obsessed with her I've been. I know this isn't a
  recent thing either. So it makes me wonder if all the pain isn't just coming
  from the fact that signs that she is moving on from Starbucks (eg living a life
  outside of it or entering into relationships) are being interpreted as her
  leaving this relationship
- Had a moment of clarity after the Brat and Ownership work where I noticed
  that the major reason I was so avoidant of anyone had to do with an internal
  conflict won Why I was attracted to them in the first place, instead of just
  allowing myself to be attracted. Shifting the narrative and allowing those
  emotions to exist compltely leveled up my connections with people Derived from
  the Zach Izen incident
- Immediately left Highway 49 after these realizations set in. Only took 30
  minutes this time instead of 3 weeks!
- The major failure of the H49 departure conversation wasn't the conversation
  itself, but my lack of transparency on how I always felt about the band. It
  blindsided everyone and made for a much more difficult conversation
	- Entire focus of the band was profit, which is not a core value for me
- Began working on money issues
	- Pretty much all the issues are related to Owned or Brat identities. I
	  never got to really experience being a kid, so money problems are an
          extension of avoiding growing up,feeling owned by my family, not having to take
          responsibility, and fear that I don't know how to grow a financial garden
- Found pleasure in spending
- Finances are a protective barrier from actually having to buy a house, have a
  relationship, make new friends, build new communities. It's a barrier to the
  future that Id' been negleciting to overcome
- Drumming has started to become so simple. Just sitting down, I can get almost
  any groove I want now
- Predilection for Tension: seen in money, sex, romance, fitness, creative
  work, etc. I enjoy the tension and get bored with release
- Found self-worth to be contradictory. How do you not compare yourself with
  others and also establish a value, something inherently dependent on others
  beliefs
- Spending havbit and financial habits are a direct result of how much my dad
  spent on me, took it as a lesson for how much I deserved. Taught me how to
  take money instead of grow it. Even when I had money, either it wasn't mine or
  what I bought with it wasn't mine. Parents typically owned whatever I bought,
  so no sense of joy came from ownership
	- I wasnt accepted in or outside my home, which is why self-esteem was
	  so low
- Began telling people i loved them more, hugging them more. Spotting where I
  shrink more. Confidence grew drastically from a month ago. It began inviting
  others to share my enthusiasm.
- Began feeling much stronger urge to document everything for content
- Clearer description of being the drummers drummer, and building a better
  world for everyone that follows
- Finally began to feel like a real human with deep connections, normal
  relationships, fearlessness
- New acceptance of having money. No longer resenting people who obviously have
  some, and found a new inner peace with the concept of having and creating
  value
- "It feels like I'm starving, an dI'm just now beginning to understand how
  undervalued I am."
	- Built myself a different kind of prison in the meantime. Instead of
	  corporate one, it's a creative one
- Had a lot of trouble motivating myself to practice AFro-Cuban, stems from a
  misunderstanding at how the genre worked
- Brandi's lack of acknowledgement for my strengths and commanding me around is
  a huge turn on, even when it's constantly painful
- Recognized a dopamine addiction that had inhibitted dilligence all week/month
- "I wonder how much of my relationships are a reflection of this dynamic I
  have with myself. Like the whole back and forth of waiting until shit
  explodes to make things better."
- Began feeling an even deeper connection with drums after recognizing the
  "essence" of a clave pattern, and how it differs from more
  American-Traditional timing (4/4)
- Masturbating to old stuff became much more difficult when there's no love
  involved. Easy to get up to, but hard to get off. Although there's still
insecurities with wholesome love, it's not entirely satisfying yet.
- Still haven't finished first video

---

## Good Things

- Began to understand the Owned, Brat, and Value identities
- Had my first 1 hour long meditation
- Noticeable improvements in my left-hand wrist technique. Able to play much quicker with much more control, and more effortlessly at lower dynamics
- EK work greatly improved my confidence, found many ways to increase my intimacy with others and began allowing myself to feel attracted to someone without needing reciprocity
- Greater awareness on my attachment patterns, how often focus gravitates towards people I feel attached to and the extent to which I look to them for support

---

## Primary Issues

- Over-obsession/attachment to Brandi (and as a recent discovery, Andy or
  anyone I "own") caused me to frequently spiral. The only week she wasn't at
  work was the easiest one to work, but aside from that she has been for over two
  years now a constant source of energy drain while simultaneously being a turn
  on. There's something I still find pleasurable about our dynamic and some
  attachment I have to her that I'm unaware of, but if I want to stop coming home
  needing to decompress (from her specifically, but also from starbucks in
  general) then I need to find a way to stop giving her that energy.
- Kept side-tracking to not deal with actually making any steps forward. I
  think all the EK work was foundational and important but it's no substitute
  for actually doing the work
- Waited way too long to try and understand why practice was slipping
- Too much flip-flopping over the fucking coaching thing. Need to just commit
  to 1-1 coaching and improve as time flies. Main resistance to this is that
  I'm not at all being dilligent with how I improve Amanda's practice, frequently
  waiting until the last minute to make a plan or anything. Need to ask myself
  much more frequently how I would make her coaching worth $100 instead of $30.
- Lack of focus on diet, sleep, exercise, and meditation which is a persistent
  problem. Even when I'm doing all of them consistently, it never feels like
  enough. Most of this issue is due to a lack of energy after coming home from
  Starbucks, no willpower and excessive need for dopamine

The overarching problem is how I place my energy. It's unintentional and
mindless. Giving too much to Brandi or Starbucks as a whole, giving it to
people or activities who don't give it back, and ignoring the signs from my
body. Things like sleep, diet, work priorities, and obsessive attachment are at
the heart of it. 

So the focus of the month needs to be on reclaiming energy.

## Goals

o Detach from Brandi (do whatever EK work is necessary) and limit Starbucks energy usage
o Finish reading through Afro-Cuban book 
o Get a $100 client
+ Systemize creative approach for blogs, newsletters, and videos
