# 07-05-2026

You can eat cantaloupe and watermelon like ice cream

The habit of allowing potential obstacles to stop you is defeating

Today is recovery, tomorrow review planning, Tuesday is takeoff

# 07-06-2026

I just feel fucking miserable today. Like I hate drums and all I want to do is masturbate. I'm going to the beltline to get away but honestly also to stare at women and do nothing about it because I'm incompetent and unconfident and a fucking coward and a failure and the one thing I'm trying to build a career out of is the thing I fucking suck at the most and no mattter whether or not others find my playing decent I find it embarrassing that I'm sitting in a fucking basement picking apart every fucking detail because no one will tell me how bad I actually am and why my playing sucks

It's like the curse of getting better and getting a better ear is that you begin to hear the problems like clearly and I think like the point of frustration that I always come back to especially with like creating reels and stuff it's like perfection you know. Like I record something and I feel all right about it and I go back and listen to it and it's like it's it's not that it's bad it's just like these fucking little things you know and I feel frustrated because like I don't know I guess there's two reasons I feel frustrated because like for Won I've been trying to do something about this for years and it's like no matter what I do to prove like I can't fucking fix the timing issues and it just feels embarrassing. You know that like I'm still posting these videos that like have timing issues and I think about it there's a third thing too, but the second thing is that like no matter how much willpower I put into it like I can't fix it just it just happens and like I feel like I'm trying to be one of these like Instagram drummers that like like not even an Instagram just like a Drummer that can playtime like to play the groove well and I just get so fucking frustrated that whenever I hear back my playing it's like like if I can hear the imperfection someone else can and then there's things I definitely not hearing too you know like I don't think anybody else thinks about it like I don't think anyone's watching the video that it debt but me it's it's like frustrating to have like these little thorns that when you repeat something it's like oh yeah that'll catch you and that'll be the reason that you click away. It's like I'm trying to give people no reasons to click away and then I find this shit and it's just like I don't know what to do about it and the third thing is just like it fucking sounds awful you know like it's not a real kid. It's just this fucking muted kid that like the broom sounds terrible. The miking sounds terrible. I know nothing about product like sound production but like everything I do no matter what I do to it I can't figure out how to make it sound good and I know that one specifically just because I don't practice that as much and I feel like I'm missing something here you know like maybe I'm going about it the wrong way you know with like all these other people that are like doing these like perfect players or something like are they recording it like 100 times and taking the best one or are they genuinely good enough to where they don't have to and like I think that's the point I wanna be, but it feels like an impossible objective and like something I just can't control it so it just kind of fucking breaks my brain the whole time because I'm sitting here trying to be perfect and like you know improvise something that's like flawless and it's like I think that's why jazz is easier because you don't have to be perfect, but you can lose people along the way and it's not a problem but in like reporting stuff I hate it because it feels like it's like threatens me. You know it's cause it's not just about playing it perfectly. It's about the fact that like I don't feel like I'm gonna make anything of myself if I play imperfect like if I keep accepting those mistakes, even if I have no control over them, it's like you know you can watch like a video with Betty grab or Jojo Mayer or anyone like that and it's like you know, I know I don't see any other takes but like what if there are no other tapes for them and like a lot of this rage comes from fact that I just have an exercise today and I'm recovering and I'm trying to like be OK and like I've got other shit to deal with like I've got a fucking get going on finding a new job and it's just it's stressing me out, especially like the self-promotion aspect of it creating a résumé like I don't know it's like all the shit I don't really wanna do. I feel like it's just coming out through the Drum. It's like it'd be easier just to like quit and stop playing and like stop enjoying music then it would like push the rest of this forward and I mean like that's probably what most of this anger is stress like I just had to get out of the house today. I'm on my way to Ponce and I'm like I just gotta go somewhere else and do something else not just kind of sit around my kid and wallow in the fact that I'm fucking terrible even when I'm not like I know I play well for the most part playtime. Well I played in the groove well and I can jam in the pocket yada yada yada it's just like I wanna be so much better and like I wanna be capable of inspiring people in creating new things and like really putting myself out there and you know just making somebody feel something but I've been frustrated the past two days. It's like I haven't felt anything when I played and like I've been trying to create music and like I think to some extended been working, but you know, I can't feel anything when I watch something and I can't feel anything. So I feel like I've just been like not myself to try and get away from this shit I have to do now sucks. I'm so tired. It's like this week is supposed to be the week that I get away from Starbucks maybe not like exactly but it's like the week I start you know we message people about lessons and putting my résumé out there and putting myself out there. It's just really fucking hard. You know all this shit takes so much courage it's like days like today I just I don't feel like I have it. It's like I don't wanna commit to anything and I'm afraid of the consequences of things and like I don't wanna spend time with anyone like even writing my own music I'm like you know what's the fucking point and like today I'm taking a gamble by like including Jackson on something it's not really a gamble because like whatever he comes up with he comes up with at that point it's out of my control. It's not that serious cause it's just a real and they'll be 1 million other ones where that one came from and none of it's a big deal. It's just fucking frustrating and terrifying and I would rather just curl up and die right now.

I really do feel like it's just like bleeding over from all the other stuff. Like I don't really think it's much to do with drums as it is to do with like the career stuff again and it just frustrates me that last week I was able to be so easily present and to approach practice with like this curiosity and like I wanted to write music and I wanted to know, build my career and I want to be at peace with it and everything felt like exciting and then all of a sudden like I don't know the reality set in and it just got really muddy really quick and I don't know. I feel like it's an ego thing like if I had to pinpoint it like today with playing and stuff like that I think I was just frustrated that Eavan like presence was something that I didn't feel like I could control like it was just I couldn't get to it and no matter how hard I tried to I couldn't get back to it and so like my plane was suffering because you know I was trying to be in the moment with it and I just couldn't figure out how to do it and like I think logically I know that's not how it works, but it's so different when you actually have to do it and you know like I started getting to a point when I was playing where I could hear all the spots I was messing up and it was just intimidating and frustrating because it was like very slight moments and it was always when I lost focus that I just fucked up and lost time and miss something or you know it would be like something was too strange like I was putting too much weight on my left foot or my right hand was too strained or my right arm was and I don't know I don't think I ever realized how tense I was getting at the kit until now and it's like all these unnecessary like muscle strains that I've never paid attention to but now I see them and I see how much is affecting my playing in my time and and all this stuff but it's it's also like with soloing it's like no matter what I try. It just feels like I can't get a good sounding solo and like I think, I know some extent that this is all part of the whole process of it like I have to go through this to learn, and even to an extent like the frustration is part of it, but I don't know. I also wonder if some degree like I like manufacturing this frustration for one reason or another because like I don't know, I feel like I can see a way where I could've done all this practice today and I could've gotten off of it and been fine and been like oh well like you know it's not something has to be fixed today and yet I just like kept going at it and kept like trying to throw more shit at the fan you know it's just just fucking frustrating like I said I feel like it does bleed over just from like trying to build more of a career year because like there are genuinely terrifying things like you know having to advertise lessons and face the potential rejection and having to ask people to jam and all this stuff like it all sounds so easy and then it comes time to do it. It's like how do I do it? There are easy answers. It's just I don't know. There's like this whole list of things where I'm like. These are the actual things that I can do and I can't control the outcome after that and even knowing these things doesn't really help it's like I don't even know what I'm trying to accomplish here maybe that's part of it like even this morning I don't know what I was trying to accomplish. I feel like I understand that I need to make consistent content and I've been seeing this with all platforms like one thing that's really going to improve you know my lead generation is for you know whatever is going to be just like creating more content it's not like I have visualized in my head like OK solos and jams like I know who they're for now therefore, the people that are reposting them and sharing them and saving them and stuff like that like the people that genuinely enjoy stuff and stuff like that that's who it's for and so if I can keep giving them stuff that's better that's great and then lessons content is for people like Jalen like I don't know. Maybe it'll be good to ask him like what kind of stuff I can use to help them but this morning it was just like I don't know I guess maybe that's part of it like it wasn't for anyone it was for me you know it's to prove to myself that I'm good enough and every time I made a mistake I wasn't. Like I guess like some extent it's also like playing with a machine is so much different. You know it's not flexible at all so it's like when you're off. It's it's just you're off and no one's like adjusting to you or no one's locking in with you like you just have to lock into it maybe that's just something I have a trained on well enough you know I feel like I was doing it for myself for selfish reasons and that's probably why it hurt because I wasn't really making stuff for other people. I was just trying to like validate some concept that I was perfect or that I could whip out a groove with a groove machine if I wanted to a group box, I mean and like I could and I think that it's stung because that's why I wanna be and I guess it just made me feel like I'm not there yet. I mean that way it's not. It's not the end of the world. It's not even that bad. I just wish I had spent that time doing something else instead you know. Like it wasn't a waste of time. I got like good music out of it and it's at least something to post and then I got some feedback in the form of like I don't know not playing in time well enough and then also like leaving space you know like having too much complexity is just bad and too many things going on at once it just doesn't sound good like when I was playing with like some of the faster or appreciated stuff. I was trying to keep up with it. It sucked cause I couldn't, but it sucked even more just because I was trying to play like in unison with it and it just ended up sounding super muddy. I just genuinely good feedback but then you know with the simple stuff it was like I found myself trying to like play the right part and I feel like I did, but I like the 10 take out of it like only one of them was solid enough in time to like move on with I think that's the part that frustrates me is like I don't know I want to be someone that can do it in one take that can come up with a groove in one take and it sounds good in one tape and I think the hard part about that is the idea that you can't control it not just like the fact that you can't control how it sounds in one tank but like the way to do that is to be so present with the music that it just comes out to let go complete control of what you're doing and let it come out and that feels fucking impossible for where I am but at the same time I feel like there's gotta be a different way to go about it. You know I think I'm trying to approach it from this lens of like you have to be able to do it without even listening to this song without even having like a concept of preparation of planning of whatever which I don't think is how it works I think even the best people come in with like preparation and a plan and stuff like that you know like you're not going to Snarky Puppy gathering and improvising the whole thing. Like I think that's where the illusion starts breaking down is like there is improv, but you genuinely aren't doing it alone. You know like I think where I go wrong is that I'm trying to improvise on my own and it's like this year. It's like talking to AI or talking to a Robot or even just talking to yourself like I think I'm expecting to get that level of like emotional depth of it, which is just impossible. Now the hard part is transferring that to like jamming because I gotta be willing to do more emotionally vulnerable stuff. Not just hot and heavy, but like everything in between. And if I wanna get better at soloing, I have to like I don't know. I guess actually listen to people solos. That and just listening to myself more from recordings creates this increased awareness around my problem areas and I get hyperfixated on them as a way of explaining why I'm not getting more fucking gigs and shit

30 min review
30 min planning
60 min chill

I feel a lot better after having sat at Ponce and just like figured it out and it makes me think that you know what I was feeling wasn't as much like frustration as it was just like ambiguity and like indecision because like once I realized that I just felt really frustrated not because of what was happening, but because like it was this pain that I run into before which is that when practice is undirected I end up just looking for problems to solve of which there's like an infinite amount and then I just end up feeling like shitty about everything. Because that's when I start like really comparing myself to someone else is when I feel like I'm not going anywhere with what I'm doing and like I'm coming into the day you know without direction and it's not even that I necessarily need motivation constantly it's just I want to feel like I'm going somewhere with it and that I'm like moving towards something cause if not, I'm just like comparing myself against everyone and everything and then like my whole mental process becomes consumed by that. It's so like today literally all I had to understand was the fact that I went into this week without like practicing intentions or you know progress intentions of any kind and I had it all in my head, but I hadn't said anything or like written it out or anything and so you know I was sitting there thinking to myself like why don't I wanna practice soloing like why don't I wanna listen to jazz and why don't I want to you know get better at this thing and the answer all along was just that it it wasn't that I didn't want to do that it was that I hadn't reaffirmed the fact that I wanted to do it. It's a weird realization that like you have to go into every week saying what is it that I want to do and it may even be the same thing that it was last week or the week before, but if you don't go into the week saying that to yourself and putting yourself in a position where you have to make decisions about how something is gonna be accomplished for the week then it just gets left up the ambiguity and you kind of leave yourself to dry. And that's what I was experiencing today and I think yesterday too and maybe even all of last week because you know last week I like hadn't planned out how I was gonna practice or what I was gonna practice and I ended up just being like well. Maybe I'm just practicing nothing and every time I did get to practice it was just like a frustrating in our is process and it's like now. I feel invigorated to get back to jazz and like the Samba and stuff now that I can say like OK well I have an hour a day to get into it and I mean, the thing is I still haven't decided what I'm gonna do but I think Eavan just the realization that you need to make decisions for the week or for the month or for the quarter like you need to make them and just let them be and then you know every once and I'll reaffirm them, the realization of that is like astounding and even more so the realization that that's enough like you don't even have to follow it but it being there is huge it takes away so much of the energy drain.

# 07-07-2026

Have to be careful when I get in this excitement, becomes tempting to spend money I don't have to solve problems I don't have

If I don't go to the store with a plan for each meal, I don't leave the store with the necessary ingredients. Coming unprepared = leaving unprepared = an unprepared and potentially rushed week

Really just gotta get in the habit of thinking about what I need throughout the week more extensively. Things I want to grab for, but also creatively like "what if I get this?"

#ideas hendershots or sips I think would be willing to do In house performances, mainly hendershots because of their musical predilection

Could actually develop a solo practice card deck and sell it, it wouldn't be too difficult

It's 2235 and I really don't like getting into bed this late. It was for good reason, hanging out with friends, but I more so just want to be waking up earlier. Around 5 preferably, specially on my week off. 

If I want a new job by the end of the week, I have to start doing some courageous stuff tomorrow. Reaching out to Danny is the most effective option, but with that the simpler options (at least to get started) are to just start submitting my resume. The other risky option is to start self promoting. Something in these veins needs to be done tomorrow. 

There's also some social stuff to talk about from today, been feeling distant in conversation the past couple days. In some regards likely because they were around 7pm (past bed time) but in allowing myself to be disliked along with pouring more energy into my goals and desires, I've become more open about wanting sex, relationships, etc and overall being more honest with who I am. Complementing not to get but to be true to myself and what I want. Like I found myself getting close to Jess today (work Jess), God she's so hot, and genuinely complimenting her. Helping her out too. But at the same time, wasn't attached to the outcome. But I've also seen recently how catering fantasies and pleasures towards specific people helps me grow more affectionate towards them. Not in a manipulative way, but more in like. Courage way. Like I feel that way with the barista at Peaches

Should also go over non acceptance tomorrow morning

# 07-08-2026

Walk Mu
Journal
Buy food
Send 5 apps
Practice
Cookp

What is the presence version of self promotion? Or otherwise, how do I go about it from a Stoic perspective? Or even trading money for services? Like with the visions from the beginning of the year, there's a real chance to open my own studio. But the recurring vision is wanting to create an incubator that trains musicians as well as teaches them how to grow their own business

Like the struggle right now with getting more students 

The solo card #idea lends itself well to expansions, or even different decks to begin with. Like the hand/feet deck, technique deck, rudiment deck,

Really wanted to get high today, gambled a lot on it. Basically said that if I get high tomight, I'll 
- Contact Danny
- Put the word out for new students
- Set up a jam
- 5 job apps
Tomorrow. And now all the sudden I don't want to do any of it, even though I have to. And if that wasn't enough. It's 10, I've stayed up way too long. God I feel fucking fristrayed

It's not that big of a deal, just something to let go of. I wish I went to bed earlier. Even now, I want to sleep but I feel like I have more to sit with

Tomorrow morning: wake
Meditate
Coffee/read/journal
Message Danny 
wLK MU 

Focusing too much on individual actions, keeping focus on the goal is much more effective (and freeing.) doing si creates a natural curiosity around discovering the truth. Like finding out what would actually be the results of the habit of self promotion rather than the results of a single action. 

In that vein, I think it's great to start thinking of self promotion as giving yourself a promotion.

# 07-09-2026

I FINALL

The hard part to remember is to stay focused. To trust the process enough to come back next quarter with different goals. Because finally enough, the thing that I worry about the most is not getting a job and not getting a more more students, but feeling safe and secure when I have those things and not feeling driven to continue growing. Like I worry when these things become… I mean, I'm worried that when I have enough money, I won't continue to pursue music and I won't keep practicing diligently and getting better as a musician, which is kind of a weird worry because it's like if I feel safe and secure and I feel happy then what does it matter? And I think that's kind of part of the grief is like you know the unknown of if I get a position or if I get enough students then will I continue practicing and become the drummer that I wanna be one day? Or will I just get a job and get a wife and fall in love and maybe make some music? It's a weird thing to struggle with and I mean it's not the first time but it's like if I feel like I have something that can contribute to then you know what brings me back to the practice room? And if I get enough students, what keeps bringing me back? And it's like in the moment I'm kind of suspending them as priorities, I'm suspending the priority of practicing Moore and Booking gigs so that way I can focus on like creating a better life right now and I guess I just worry that if I put that on pause like I'm not gonna get back to it and I'm never gonna amount anything with it. And I feel like in the stoic lens like I shouldn't even be worried about that at all because if I just can't keep going where I'm happy then I'll be happy for the rest of my life, but the conflict is like what if that means I just don't achieve anything either? You know what if like I get to this level of complacency and I never end up releasing any of the music I write or I don't end up building up the bands I'm with and playing like bigger gigs and what if I never play a stadium and what if I never you know get session work with people and what if I never go to a jazz jam again and what if you know I abandoned all of it just to teach like I've seen like people in the past due. I don't wanna end up like that and I guess like that's partially why it feels easier to build my own thing because you know I can always do it to further my own craft but if I'm doing it in the studio there's always a chance that they pay me enough that I stop having to do all the hard work and then I just accept it. And so I think the hardest part, which is a recurring, difficult part in my life, is trusting that whatever happens that I'll do the thing that makes me the happiest. And the question always is is is that drumming? And so far every time I've come back to it and I guess I just wanna keep coming back to it. I think it's just been harder because I haven't really put it in my visual anywhere I was like a priority when compared to like taking care of my dog or you know being with my family, but you know it still feels like this huge priority as something that I go to day and a day out either to practice or to vent or to play or something.

# 07-10-2026

It's weird how afraid I am to make myself a regular at Peaches, to put myself somewhere where I get frequent exposure to someone I'm interested in

Maybe the way to grow: stop reading individual notes and instead interpret the bar (also write it out that way)

For people to see you a certain way, you have to BE the person you want them to see you as. It's not enough to convince them individually. For my music career, that means self promotion is a means of being seen as myself

Peachtree Corners Concert Series #venues

It's not just Peaches, the same principle applies to Jazz Jams, Run Clubs, and even hanging out with people at Starbucks. Or making friends in general. I'm terrified of the connection, and it looks more and more like I create distance for myself in all these relationships by getting kinda close then ducking out. Almost like I can't handle their emotions, or the emotional consequences of letting them in, so I keep them all at distance. Whenever there's a genuine risk that someone will get close to me, I seem to back away or I use inconsistency to keep myself distant. I feel like even the financial resistances, me living so far from everyone, community resistances, not advertising myself, and not teaching more are ways to enhance this 

A way of hiding or concealing my feelings

It's a story I tell myself, emotions created so I can continue justifying the position of being distant 

I've already done a lot of, what I'd consider to be, recovering today. So different thoughts are coming in now. I'm just trying to find a way to see myself as someone who accepts the need for money, especially for the kind of life I want to live. A quality one with quality people. A space to teach others, and to grow my own practice. A dedicated space with plants and drums and recording equipment. A place to call my own. Where I can wear nice clothes and look good. Where I can host gatherings and feel proud to invite my friends over. To embody myself in a way that I feel comfortable including others, where i can go to a coffee shop 4 days a week and let myself grow closer with the people there without feeling guilty about it, or show up at a jazz jam and run club once a week and actually let myself connect. It's two separate issues on the surface, but the deeper resolve is becoming self reliant and being secure enough in myself to create whatever life I see in front of me. I don't want to feel ashamed about being attracted to the barista at Peaches, or going there three days this week just to get a familiarity with her and to have the comfort to take a risk talking to her. Or with the run club, having the courage to show up every week and let myself get closer to the people there without the restraint I feel. And to just be able to post about giving lessons and to be okay with the fact that my main incentive to do so is to make more money, to bear more fruit, and to not feel shame in the level of security that creates and just as well to be able to enjoy the fruits of seeing someone grow.

I'm not trying to solve it, more trying to make sure I'm moving in a way that doesn't create more suffering. But idk I think I'm also using that as an excuse?

People have always been a difficult part of my life. Like recently, I've desired more and more being able to approach people with the same dedication and curiosity and creativity that I bring to the kit. But the competitive aspect of chasing a lead is so…terrifying. Mortifying even. Being transparent about liking someone or thinking they're beautiful feels agonizing. Being consistent to a group feels like…I can't even describe the pain. Any and every action that would distance me feels like heresy and yet I feel so unwilling to be a part of the emotionally complex circumstances of being around others that I'd rather isolate because any and all interaction with others inevitably results in pain, turbulence, trauma, or some kind of suffering, and it's easier to just be fucking alone by myself constantly than to exist socially in the world where suffering is not only allowed but guaranteed. It's why i distance myself from everyone, why i lack consistency, why i can't get close with my family, why when my friends start to get close I grow distant, why I can't chase leads, why I can't do anything right that would actually push me further because every social situation is pain and every dollar I take is another person ripping a whole In my attachment system

More will not be gained by sitting here and torching yourself

Instead of wallowing why not visualize a way to make it joyful tonight?

Feel completely energized after Jalen's lesson, like I could see myself taking notes on his development and prescribing good exercises, learning from the direction he wants to go and teaching him along the way

What is there to actually be afraid of advertising this?

Watching Schitts Creek, I feel more excited starting my business. The idea of owning something that creates value for people is fucking phenomenal, and even more like...the perspective I have is watching David and Stevie and the other guy, they're friends but they even hang out at the businesses they own. It's given me such a different perspective where having a business and running it isn't as bleak as I'd thought, and it's not the constant pain I've made it out to be. You can enjoy making money, self promotion is just a way to participate in that. It's your ticket. I think what's limited is not just like the fear of the unknown but believing that I don't exist in the unknown or that like my identity is a threat and I'm just put into like this solace atmosphere of grinding. But I feel like the whole work of like visualizing has made me see that it's not that kind of bleak in like I can kind of approach it from a perspective of I'm helping people and providing a service and it's not bad to ask for something in exchange for that cause the worst thing that can happen to someone says no and I don't think they're gonna be mad at me if my rates are higher than what they're willing to pay. I think they're just gonna take it as a they can't afford it kind of thing.

# 07-11-2026

One of the deeper insecurities is that I dont yet see myself as good at making friends, so it feels too risky to take these kinds of risks with the friends i have. At the forefront of my fear of making friends is needing to he consistent, which i equate ti giving myself uo for them

Run it as an experiment, see if you lose friends. Do you even really want friends who wouldnt support you with this? Who's it for? The message is for people who want lessons obviously, not for the silent judgers who can't elevate their own career. In fact, it may inspire others to do the same. Can you imagine being a part of that kind of community? Where everyone can self promote? You focus so much on the bad, what about the good? For those who can afford, it grows you closer with them

Weirdly, it's the same principle here that makes it hard to invite people over just to hang

It just sucks because there's pain in every text message. Likes it's always self promotion or self assertion. That's what it always comes back to, not the lessons but the "competitive" aspect of selling someone on the idea, especially having to talk

Just like drum practice: take it slow enough until every move is made with intention. For this kind of thing, the steps can be decomposed:
- Plan post
- Post it
- Respond to DMs
And only focus on the next step. 

Act first, apologize later. You can't predict their response.

Can start by acknowledging and working with my own disdain towards self promoters

Also, I forget how easy being social can be. Showed up at the run club, without trying just talked to Mayur and Danny and a new guy. It's not that serious

What consequences am I trying to avoid? Amy, the Indian guy up the street, mowing lawns, Andrew Wright, Jamison Tank, Griffin Law, committing myself to something for better or worse, and putting my emotions to the hands of volatile people, compromising my own dreams and desires to help others, ambiguity at end of conversation fizzle, responsibility for initiating conversations and maintaining them, taking myself too seriously as a sales person, becoming desperate, ostracizing myself further and become a woe is me person when people won't sign up, becoming cynical, occupying too much of someone else's attention, building a stalker or superfan, having people dependent on me and the responsibility of taking care of them, becoming someone people dread as too social, the unknown of being gregarious and the hidden power of having friends everywhere (how confident that might make you), leading people on, the tedium of small talk and distancing myself from others because of it, the pressure of creating persistent connections, the energy it takes to create an environment

No one wants to be responsible for changing the world but someone has to do it

Did really good with this last chess game. Took the disadvantage at the start (my blunder) and proceeded anyway instead of giving up. Actually ended up with a fairly even matched game for a long bit. Next game was a bit harder, many misclicks, but I have to acknowledge that I did do those things it's part of the game

Another internal rephrasing: winning the conversation is ~$50 if just considering a single lesson and ~$200 considering averages from previous students. In that lens, it's also worth advertising 

What is my job in posting this? 
- To just do it. It doesn't have to be good. It just has to be out there.

Pulled up goodfellas and some adult content came up, crazy how appealing and tempting it is now (compared to the past)

Good thing to know: I uhhh...accidentally spent the last hour browsing porn. I don't know why but Eskoz came up in my mind, so it took me a bit to find that, but then I did and was convinced that macrophilia wasn't really the engine anymore, so I did and was deep dive trying to find the type of porn that sparked something and wouldn't ya know it it was lesbians sensually kissing, and I think in the hour or so of build up to that I'd lost self control.

I really don't like masturbating as much as I have been, and I feel like today this rabbit hole was just an excuse. There was a while u was convinced I could get to the end without finishing, but I'm not sure I ever had that intention to begin with. Remember, this is a distancing behavior

