It’s a heavy realization, that they’ve moved on. Like I’ve been waiting for people who are never coming back. At least, not as they were. And I feel guilty about wanting to let it go now, it’s been my burden to carry and once I let it go, it’s just something that happened. It’s lost its emotional value, and in someways it feels like it loses its humanity. It closes this chapter and admits it’s over. That feels the heaviest of all. Because no one else will remember it. The few people who were involved will, but it’s just another thing that happened. And someone else in the world will do the same thing. We all suffered and then it’s just over, none of us may ever see or hear from each other again. It just becomes insignificant. And like I’ll be happier. I’ll get to move on, finally. But I also have to move on. I feel so small when I think about it. Like a death of sorts.

Most people have specific interests, packed schedules, an aversion to driving, and are unwilling to take risks they don't think they will enjoy. You can't turn people into who they aren't. And if you don't want to be alone, you can't be particular about who shows or why they do. And when you go somewhere that no one you know will show, there's no use mourning their loss. That energy is better spent meeting new people, who obviously want to be there.

There's such a difference to these experiences which require full presence. It's this whole other way of connecting to art and to others. It's not about instant impact, but long experiences that are lived moment to moment. It's not about forcing focus either, but about allowing it to drift in and out.

I think the major shift in my eyes is that there is no global objective. There is no purpose to sitting in a room and talking, listening to music, or readining a book on its own, watching a movie with friends, going to work, practicing, etc. There is no intrinsic meaning to any of these, and to go into any one of the them with hopes that you're guaranteed a specific outcome (eg a relationship or admiration) is harmful. The only control you have is where your time is spent and how you choose to spend it there. So it's best to choose taht which will bring you the most joy.

Because all we are appendages to a greater body. A hive mind. Communicating is just an effective means of moving appendages, as one might move their fingers, or legs in unison to walk. To be self conscious is to be a rebellious appendage who moves counter to how the mind of the universe desires. There's no use fighting it. To be connected is to be free, for a connected being moves not just a toe but a whole body, a whole community, with them.

