# April 27, 2025

I don't even know where to begin today. So I've been thinking alot about
dullness in meditation and it's become more apparaent to me what dullness is.
It's this nmbing of the sense, and I think the reason I got so tripped up in my
meditations for so long was that I had confused dullness with the meditative
joy that the book talks about but now it seems obvious that I have no idea what
meditative joy is and with all the other strife in my life it's hard to find
any joy in anything I'm doing at all which is this incredibly frustrating state
to be in because I have such a desire to learn more about Afro Cuban drumming,
especially the Bembe among other beautiful drumming styles but I don't feel
like I'm getting anyhwer part of that is beause my obsidian files have become
this clusterfuck of insight and awareness spread throughout the day but nothing
in there is ever made to form any kind of logical cohesiveness and it's all
frustrating.

I've been listening to Duke Ellington and Coltrane the past day or so and I
think I'm starting to pick up on the differences of drum styles but especially
genres that emerged from JAzz. Their style seems to be much more mellow which
makes me wonder how much their style was geared towards speakeasy crowds or if
that was something that even happened during their time? I know Duke was like a
founding father of Jazz along with Buddy Bolden and Jelly Roll Morton but
that's about the extent of my knowledge like did they know it was called Jazz
or "Jass" at the time or were they so in the ground floor that they couldn't
possibly know? I also had listened to alot of the ragtime origins of Louis
Armstrong (I think?) and I think he was also a founding father? I'm not
entirely certain. Something about Cotton Club and Milton's Club both are
prominent. Like Milton's Club was this space where they would challenge each
other with Jazz via speed and modulation constantly and weird licks. I listened
to some other drummers playing and I still can't differentiate the lot of them
but all I know is I really dislike any of the avant garde work Max Roach did
with that one saxophone player except some of the solos when you get to exactly
the right spot are pretty good I feel like to reallly understand the
differences between alot of these drummers the most important thing for me tod
o is just actually learn their parts. I want to explore all this so much more
like whene idd the eras begin and end? Who were the prominent players of each
era? Prominent rummers? How did the drummers affect and inpire one another? It
all to me is so fucking confusing right now and it's like I'm excited to learn
more about all of itt but I'm also scared to learn about it all because it's
like what if I do become knowledgeable and put this insane expectation on
myself to make something of it? Like I'm already starving for time but I feel
like to become more efficient at practice and more inspired means doing this
kind of study, even if it means playing drums less. Like this is why I need to
get out of Starbucks because carving time into my schedule for both practice
and progress in physical and mental capacitices requires so much time.

It's like I feel like I need to divide my schedule further and further. I don't
even know what the ideal is. Like I guess to begin with I want 3 hours a day of
dilligent drum practice (ideally more but that's a start that's achieveable)
and then 2 hours of exercise and then 1 hour of meditation, then the riest of
the day for what ever else but what even else is there? Like is it better to do
6 hours of practice and have 3 of those be set aside for knowledge aquisition?
And where does work come into play? Is it possible to get to a point where I
have some kind of self-autonomous business suite that allows me to just grow
and essentially market my skills by just posting random shit? Like what I'm
constantly seeing right now is I'm marketing without a product which is the
worst business method in the book, there's absolutely nothing to sell which
makes it hard to motivate myself to continue putting effort towards any kind of
social media work because it's fruitless I mean I do also genuinely want to
help people and I think this is where it all wraps together like having 3 hours
for research IS a form of business management, like if I can start out with
this core package that allows me to teach and move it towards a fully
autonomous online lesson plan and then have 1 student a day each week, that
would be this like perfect balance where I get to gig if I want to but in the
meantime I could spend hours but bettering myself as a musician and bettering
my mind to teach people better and I guess I don't always have the best
intentions it's frustrating and I think the final part I want to hit on is that
I feel like I'm forcing myself to have MONTHS of research into a subject in
order to feel qualified, but if I just take it one week, one day at a time and
use this method I've come up with with ChatGPT, then it's possible that month
of research can be done in a week. It's all just bringing out high school
insecurity.

Who drummed for Duke?

Ohh wow, Louis Bellson did in the 1950's. That's quite the connection. I wonder
what tracks he played on. But before that it was Sonny Greer from 1924-1951 and
after that was some other guys. The big hit with Louis Bellson was "Skin Deep."
I feel like the more I look into the history of drummers, Louis Bellson was the
original metal drummer, Gene Krupa Pop, and Buddy Rich was Jazz.

Is it worth doing all this in OBsidian if I implement some sort of review
process?

I think the system I want to start off by trying is:
- Brain dump each day
- Summarize at end of day
- Move to topics end of week

Additioanlly, would be really good if I could just take a day to explore qhatever I want to explore.

Really want to get a vintage gramophone and old jazz records to get the real experience 

The solution to finding a recording location where I won't disturb anyone is to just to it at an axclusive all trails location

Saying someone's name creates this immediately noticeable impression on them, but it also creates this genuine feeling of connection within. I've noticed this a lot at Starbucks where customers that I learned the name of would immediately start opening up to me--within the first couple of visits--about their life outside. It also created this much easier way of opening up to them in return. #insight

Still really neeed a water filter and trekking poles

I think my main difficulty in creating a new system is like segmentation. Trying to differentiate the daily discussions from the more SOC influx. 

I feel like I was sent on this like recovery mission by God today. Like side quests keep popping up that I want to do, but I have no willpower to deny what this body wants to do. There's a lot of emotions present and I don't know what any of them mean. But I'm also so hungry

# 04/28/2025

Need to start trying to understand the difference between stable dullness and other dullnesses. I think I can recognize dullness when it starts to appear now, but am having a hard time fighting it (maybe from fatigue) and definitely don't know how to stabilize it. I think another good thing would plan out what I want everyday to look like going forward. 

So the intention for this week: Write about a solid business plan for the 12-week bootcamp, and everything I know about drums/how to teach it.

The plan so far is really to target people around my age. 20-30 I feel like i
should really be writing about stuff that is like idk somewhat innovative I
already know the niche yeah but what else do i know about the nice who is
he/she what do they do for a living idk myabe tech jobs i feel like the job
itself is failry arbitrary they probably listen to rock music or punk maybe
even rnb like I'm thinking josh he's a fitness addict I like growth oriented
people so they probably meditate too okay that's something maybe they're
obsessed with growth and do they think they'll be a rockstar one day maybe not
I 'm not sure they're looking to reinvent themselves so much as they just want
to be able to play with friends they see alot of videos online from really good
drummers like ringo starr or travis barker and they're obsessed with their
capabiliities seeing them play so fast i feel like they have a bit of
experience in music but their parents thought it was a waste of time they may
not have a great relationship with their parents but if they do they have a
hidden resentment for not giving them a chance at this so they want to make up
for it now as an adult who has a single/dual income household where they can
reliably pay it forwad pay tribute tot he music community i think theyre fairly
mindful and adaptive they see this as an investment in themselves theyre not
aggressive but they see this as a valuable commodity that theyre finally in a
situation where they can learn to play music which has up until this point been
somewhat of a fantasy they want to learn how to play but have no idea where to
start there's so much ambiguity in youtube videos and they need the structure
of someone who has been on this journey before theyre the type that when they
run a marathon they get a coach to show them the way or if theyre going to hike
up a mountain they take the dangerous trail with someone who has done it before
they find beauty in the journey over the destination and want to explore drums
and music more as a curiosity they drema of getting to play and jam with other
musicians and they want to learn how to continue learning they see this more as
an investment that has a fixed ending and fixed outcome much like any form of
coaching yet they are willing to continue on indefinitely they likee the idea
of a fixed timeline the idea that they are going to reach a goal and the when
they read a flyer saying that by the end of this they will be able to read
music they will be able to pracctice with a meteronome they will be able to
play the boots and cats beats they get excited they feel excited thinking that
they might be able to learn any song that they listen to and play along with it
they get proud showing this to their significant other as something they picked
up its not the same as someone who takes lessons so that they can swoon their
significant other they want to make them dance they want to make them proud 

what is it they expect to learn and what problems do they have my current offer
is that i will teach them how to read music i will teach how to use a
meteronome how to hold the sticks how to carry your weight ergonomically I will
have cheatsheets for all of these things that will assist them as they continue
forward these cheat sheets will use the ergonomics discovered from eyears of
drumming it will guide both traditional and match grips should they be sheets
or videos or both could they be both would that be beneficial idk what problems
do they face drums are too loud theyre not ergonomic they take up too much room
whats the point of learning drums anyway when I could learn guitar why did i
even learn drums in the first place thats actually a really good question i
have no idea the more i think about it the more i think that i learned drums
because guitar wasnt an option why does anyone willingly decide to pick up
drums i was inspired to play drums later on but why would someone actively
choose to pick up drums as a primary instrument theyre loud and obnocious your
neighbors hate you for having them when you're bad people complain about it
yeah but they do that with any instrument you're not special for that i think
something about drums is more of a dance its a full body movement and a workout
its an instrument that connects to the body its a religion yeah but why do
people start playing it who puts the stick in their hands wow this is actually
a really deep insecurity in my mind i can see why teaching has never worked out
before how the hell am i supposed to understand why anyone else would want to
play drums when i didnt even want to play them when i was just kinda coerced
into it thats a crazy realization like there's pop culture drummers now like
questlove and ringo starr and whats his name the ohh chad smith but like why
would anyone venture out on their own to learn drums its not necessarily a
virtuostic instrument its not even really glamorous its the behind the scenes
instrument that holds down the fort its the instrument that is the most
important yet no one paays attention to how can i cater this to people when i
hardly view it highly and see it as being so critical this seems like a very
important distinction
