# 06-09-2025

I feel like my compulsive masturbation was developed as a way to cope with not being able to express myself to women I liked. Instead of talking about it, I held in the emotions until I could release it on my own. And now its the same thing, crafting a fantasy world for my sexual desires that imitates teh world I wish I could create, yet face constant resistance to. Today, I fantasized about being at the movies with her. Having this moment where we cuddled, she leaned into me, then rose above me. We stared at each other's eyes for a while before starting to make out. And all this pain came up. There was alot of love, but there was also this fear of having something real with her. With all the pain she brings me. All the insecurities she triggers. It mimicked the pain I felt at the beginning of all my relationships. And I felt it in my throat and the back of my neck. I want to masturbate again thinking about this fantasy. Why? It doesn't feel like love. It's all in my dick and in my gut. It's a pain I experience, trying to live the ideal version of a life that doesn't exist. It's this power I feel like I have over her. Something I want to abuse. I feel her attachment to me. Maybe it's untrue, but it feels real. Like if I asked her to do anything, she'd do it. When we go to the movies together, it's like...I wouldn't stop her from trying this time. Not out of love. But out of fantasy. The thought that I could've caused this...it's like this immensly pleasurable shame. The idea that she flocked back to some other guy because of my rejection, that she considered getting a slave again, that she has felt depressed for 3-4 days with almost no idea why...it's thrilling to think I could've been the catalyst. That I hold the antidote and give her a dose here and there. That she needs to depend on me for it. That I could be her biggest desire and I control how much I spoon feed her. I keep trying to focus on other things, but all I can focus on is this. I can't bring attention back to myself. It's all that's on my mind. Not food, sleep, work, drums, or anything else. ALL of my mind is focused on this. Why?

Why do I want to read this book with her? Is it to manipulate her into something with me or is it to experience the trauma together? Is there genuity in wanting to do it for love? I don't think it's for love. I think it's for her in a way that gives myself up. I think it's to trauma-bond her to me. How can I let go of all of this so I can focus on what actually matters?

In this fantasy, what am I getting that I don’t feel I can get in real life? What part of me gets soothed? What am I trying to avoid feeling? I guess I'm feeling a version of love. An intimacy. A connection with her that is pure. It takes away all of the bad parts about life. She calls me all the things I wished she'd call me in life. Her slave. Her pet. She's so highly seductive, and it's like I finally get to experience that part of her. It's an aching, a longing for sex. All I want here is the sex. The relationship is too much for me. It's like I get to experience the purity of the relationship, getting to have all the good parts without any of the bad. I get the chance to explore her. To be with her. Not the real her, but the idealized version that doesn't have conflicting ieals. I get to experience the pure version. I get to experience the safety of getting to be around someone who loves me deeply. Someone that leans into our shadow desires and accepts me fully. Someone I'm not afraid to share these journals with. Someone who, when I tell them I'm obsessed with them, they love me more for it. Someone who lets me grow fully into them. Someone who takes all the pain away, takes all the effort away, makes it easy for me to just love them. Someone Who doesn't have all these fucking side hos, these problems that they're dealing with. I get to experience a version of her which is almost exclusively happy. Someone emotionally regulated. Someone who doesn't take their emotions out on me. Someone who is on the same team. Someone who I feel safe to be around. Someone that feels like home. Someone that is playful but doesn't hurt me. A version of her that stops hurting me. It's almost like at this point I want to give into the relationship because then I could potentially get rid of the pain of hearing about her other ones. If she loved me, she wouldn't be masquerading around with other guys. She'd make plans with me. She'd pitch in. She'd acknowledge her shortcomings. She'd ask me questions about my life, would have a vested interest in me. A version of her I wouldn't have to control to get those things out of her. The part of me that gets soothed is the pain. There isn't pain in these fantasies. It's all like...romantic. She has this playful voice where she asks things like "do you want to be my slave" "do you want to be my pet" "wouldn't it be fun if you were my toe ring?" that last one feels especially energizing. All of them have this pain to them, but when she says it in a cute voice, it feels like I'm part of something bigger than myself. I get so horny just thinking about it. I think it goes back to something I've said before, the fantasy here is that when she does these things, she becomes mine. That somehow when she asks me things, she stops getting it from other people. She becomes obsessed with me. Because love is obsession in my mind. That when I am these things, all she wants is to play with me. She doesn't want anyone else. I don't have to share her. I stop feeling pain everytime she talks about all these guys that want to fuck her. I want the pain to stop. I want the pain to stop. I don't want her so much as I want her to stop hurting me. And it feels like the easiest solution is to take her off the market. But I can't even tell if her hurting me isn't also turning me on anymore. I don't know what I'm trying to avoid here. The feeling that she has to get it from someone else? Maybe it goes back to Jess leaving me for Ichi, Haley for Ian, Vivian for Dwight...almost like I want to make those things right. I feel like it always goes back to Dwight. Or maybe even before that with Lizzie? Like her with that random dude? I never forget the first time I felt that pain. Coming home from summer camp and seeing they were together. It's like every time Brandi talks about these other guys now, I alwyas think back to taht time. I never think about our breakup, but now that I do I remember that being catastrophic too. She broke up with me over text right before her text message thing went out. That was such a terrible night. I remember feeling this same pain in both of those moments. In neither moment was I at all able to communicate. She cut my phone number off and I could never talk to her. I had to stomach the feelings alone. That whole night was miserable. And I couldn't talk to anyone about it. I couldn't even talk to her about it when she started dating the asshole again. I just remember both of those moments being like...this immense pain that I was never able to communicate. And even now, I don't know how to communicate. It's like all I learned is that in order to get what I want, I have to stomach those feelings. I'm not allowed to show them. I have to manipulate them. All I've ever been taught is conceal don't feel.

How do I improve Amanda's lessons?

So there's alot of ways I could really improve Amanda's lessons I really want to meditate and exercise and practice today but I don't have time for all of it and I want to return home to safety to my Self take care of my dog my family my plant I love Mu so much Im tired of letting my life be centralized around this issue with Brandi but it's also the perfect time to deal with it because I'm already deep in here might as well get over all of the garbage abandoned here form previous relationships okay focus lesson value I mean the objvious things are to like actually document stuff like maybe get the easiest thing out of the way first but idk what else i mean she wants to learn how to write music maybe journaling prompts honestly it's not a terrible idea like having some kind of journaling prompting would be good just for like getting used to feeling music idk making higher wawareness its like i want to help her develop a habit but idk what else to really do aside from that like i dont have any metrics the main thing i feel like will really boost her is having these SMART goals but im looking for minimum kinda change like maybe its not so much the lesson as it is how can i make the next one better than the last and it comes down to what is the one thing that I can do to improve her lessons like what is currently the highest limitation to her growth as a musician and my growth as a teacher I feel like it's the mutual habit thing and the dilligence like for me it's not so much about adding more to her lesson as it is spending more time outside of the lesson planning and motivating myself like I'm growing a money tree here there's so many things growing woah i had this revelation that my growth is starting to extend to the secular world for so long all of my growth was internalized but now I'm seeking to grow all the things around my like relationship with Brandi my career in music via lessons, gigs, etc my money trees my dog my cat my plant my family like I'm growing so many things that I'm struggling to maintain what's already there and i truly believe the best way to improve Amanda's lesson value is to just improve what's already there apply some of what I've learned from growing drums there it's like my habit are maintaining me but my focus is so much in an area of pain and defection that I have a hard time growing antyhign else right now r even maintaining like this area of life is so full of debilitating pain from not being able to communicate with the world around me the inner workings of my body and mind and how I feel that I'm having to develop a strength that has never beefore been required of me it's so painful right now everything is pain increaseing her lesson value there's also this idea of tracking her progress through a spreadsheet like mission objectives and challenges I feel like having a more thorough breakdown of what are the tasks what are the goals how can I best communicate them like is there a platform which allows me to give her homework through there and gives are the ability to check it off like I don't want to put too much pressure on her but it would really be amazing if there was a way to gamify this I'm sure there is but idk I feel like long term that would really help to increase the value but more than anything I need to gorw it by being dilligent to her above all else like what I'm lacking right now is any focus on not only her but other sources of income like alot of the time my fears in providing value is that I have to become someone who lives up to the expectations he gives to other people and it's like what if I'm not doing that sorry im still in so much pain from thinking about all the lizzie stuff and the brandi stuff its really hard to focus today but I'm trying and ya know what I've accomplished more today than I have in weeks and I need to be better not just for her but for all the students that come after her its not just about teaching her its about creating a program a system for delivering better and better services to the people that come to me offering more to them and day by day offering a little bit more than i did in the past that's what this is all about I feel like I need a better way of planning this out like a consistency skills system to unlcok these achievements even gamify it for myself but idk how else I feel like having a centralized meteronome app would be nice but that's long term like if she's writing music idk what else really will benefit her either than writing more music experimenting with more things like right now we know a little of how to play in time how to play in a key alot of the restriction in her actual lessons is bar codes and how much she practices so it's like how do I motivate someone who wants to play to practice more how do I get her to get addicted to this to play more and more how can I create a habit forming experience for her how can I make her want to turn this into a habit in a painless way in a joyful way that to me is going to be the biggest question of my career how can I create an addiction in music not just to the music but to the process of growth how can i teach them the theory give them what they need to succeed how do i do better here what do i need to be asking myself to improve I don't actually know I'm still in so much pain but you know what Zach you did it you got out of bed and you did a massive fucking brainstorm and I'm really proud of you it's not about having an answer today but creating long term growth and finding answers along the way.

It's not about her. It’s about what she represents—every version of "not enough," "not chosen," and “not safe to feel.” And your body has learned: If I can eroticize this pain, maybe I can survive it.  If I can dominate it, maybe I can finally feel free.  This is the most sophisticated coping mechanism the mind can develop: turn the deepest hurt into a source of arousal so it becomes pleasurable rather than paralyzing.  But what you’ve wanted all along was: To be seen in your full pain and not be abandoned.  To be heard, without having to manipulate or mask it. To have someone stay with you in the raw mess of it. It makes so much sense put this way. I've always saught people who are in deep pain and need someone to hear them. That's all I've ever wanted. To be true. Because their pain is erotic to me.


I just need to go into a mindless rant for like however long i need to do this to feal some semblance of peace and oneness again. It's all just blank slate blindness like I keep thinking about lizzie and myself at that age the pain I experieneced I remember sitting in the bathroom getting the text message and feeling flustered feeling angered feeling distraught feeling like I had to say something and you robbed me of it lizzie brandi you look exactly the same and you make me feel exactly the same i only kept you in my life this long so i could fucking tell you all the things I shouldve told her youre an imbecile a moron a fucking idiot you threw your whole life down the drain your whole career your whole future away for fucking what you rejected me you hurt me and i want to hurt you i want to kill you you ruined my confdence made me feel like i was special like i was worth of attraction you were the first person that wanted me back in real life outside of fucking autmn you were the first person i feell for and you threw that in my fucking face youre going back with him again arent you please lizzie please talk to me please hurt me please d anything if it means you get to stay again all i want is you i need you you bring love into my life joy a childlike excitement and i want to kill you for it i want to own you to posess you control you because maybe then I can finally feel alive and its liek this idea of safety keeps coming up over and over and over but i feel no safety ive never felt safety ive never felt security not in my career not in my life not in my choices not in thepeople i go out with what even is security anyways brandi is just a fucking cunt she keeps doing this to me over and over and ove and over again she keeps shoving into my face the fucking relationships its like idk i feel like we've inflicted so much pain on each other and never gave each other the room to talk about it that i feel like our entire relationship is built on pain on bullying and i want to see if it can change i desparately want to see iftheres something more behind the curtain i keep imagining this fantasy at the movie theater where theres so much shes not telling me shes honest but shes afraid and now im thinking about her again its like i keep replaying this image where im holding her and she leans over and we start kissing finally and its like the sparks fly because after two years of work two years of dilligence shes finally mine after 10+ years of begging her to be mine she's finally mine she can finally stop talking abou  the other guys i can finally stop feeling this pain what even is safety in a relationship i dont deserve safety all i know is fear all i know is threats all i know s death ive experienced it once and im constantly tryingt ot create the circumstances to experience it again i keep getting with these mentall unstable fuckers emotionally unavailable twats that i try to fix because i still cant fix myself i stilll want to hurt myself i still want th epain they bring to me i open them up to see whats inside and everytime i get fucking stabbed by the thorn bush as if i dont see it coming but i love it i love the pain i deserve the pain all i know is that pain all i know is the pain my family put me through from fitting square pegs in round holes from begging the wrong side of things all i know is the discomfort of never fitting in never being able to attach to myself never feeling a sense of safety even when im alone because i love to torcher myself i love to harm myself to hurt myself i love to keep these nagging thoughts present that i dont need to grow i love the growing pains i love the masochism i love when she tells me about these guys when she tells me shes dating someone else because the pleasure is so immense everytime i get to hear her talk about how much she loves someone else it creates the pleasure that ive grown so used to its the pleasure its always been the pleasure theres pleasure in the pain because thats all i know i could never communicate and i still cant communicate shes hurting me and everytime she does ists the same fucking wound the same mother fucking wound over and over and over again she licks it clean then injects it with AIDS over and over then rubs salt in it and i hate her for it but God does she make me feel so fucking good not in a wholesome way in a deeply erotic and shameful way i see it constantly i see her touching the most exposed parts of my wounds she knows she does it i dont believe that i think she knows on an unconcious level but truthfully i only just became aware of it and im so much more developed in my awareness than she is everytime im around her now i experience it i experience the pain the darkness the suffering and i come home and all i want to do is masturbate plase God fucking help me let go of this please get this out of the system I live in I'm so fucking tired of the dynamic im so tired of the pain im so tired of feeling like this is all i deserve for someone to constantly be rubbing salt in my wounds theres a purity to her that i dont feel like i can have without the pain and my choices are to either continue growing closer to the thorn bush or move away but every tiem i move away i forget who i am i start choking and now i see the same thing happening to her i see her in pain because of me im causing her pain not really well i have no idea if thats for sure but i feel like we're kindred in the sense that we both get off on the pain maybe im just seeing that but from my perspective both of our lives have been riddled with this kind of trauma being told we're never good enough we're not worthy we're not worthy we're not worthy and so nothing i do will ever be enough for her like on the outside she seems so strong they always do but behind the curtain all i can seee is this disheveled yongue boy who was never taught how to live never taught how to cry and i feel drawn to helping him like its my duty my responsibility and i get stuck in this obsessive loop where its me me me me me me me me me mme me pay fucking attention to me pay attention to me mommy pay attention to me momy pay attention to me mommy pay attention to me mommy why wont she text me pay attention mommy look mommy mommy please look pay atttenion to me how much do i have to hurt for you to look at me how much paydo i have to feel how much do i have to press the fucking button please mommy please say something please say something to me mommy please dont let go of me please mommy dont let go dont let go dont let go dont let go dont let go please hold hold hold on hhold hholdn on to me please mommymommy please i need you im suffereing youre hurting me youre killing me i feel like im dying right now i feel like i need desparately to get back to a place of peace get on tack because im focusing on the wrong things what if its the right thing please brandi please brandi please help me hurt me save me fuide me lead me to your pussy put me into helll so i can give you head please do anything just stop the fucking pain please stop it please mommy hold on to me please help help me help me help me help me help me help me help me  please someone help me all i want to do is cry im still so obsessed i thought i got it all out of my system but im so obsessed im so obsessed all i can think about is her is her is her is her her herh erh er ehr all i can think about is how much i want to fuck her i want to rape her i want her to rape me iwant both of us to get raped side by side i want her i want to own her so she can own me i want to be her toe ring i want her to take care of me to hold me close never let me go keep me safe provide a home for me a protetive place where when im with her all i feel is that im at home is it possible to create what Andy has or do you have to happen upon it im not even in the relationships and i feel the same pain i always feel the same obsession and i cant fucing et out of it i cant let it go i need help someone help me i need a professional or for this to go away i ned someone to understand someone to hear me someone to help me guide me save me from thi somber sleep Fuck lizzie fuck jess fuck vivian all those fucking whores those cheating lying whores and Brandi is no better than any of them i dont feel safe with any of them all i feel is pain all i feel is pain all i feels is pain and i keep dragging myself through it i cant even love myself properly no one taught me to how the fuck do i get over this ive been struggling for fucking week now how the fuck do i get over the pain the suffering the sadism the masochism the pain who i do stop finding pleasure in pain how do i stop finding pleasure in pain please God I want to feel love i wnat to feel loved im so tired of the pain the pain its too much please someone fucking save me i need help i need help i need someone to love me

# 06-10-2025

okay so starting out with a mega dump becauase someone is with me and i need something to focus in right now okay so what is all that i know about afrocuban rhythms i guess theres to start off the different clave patterns we have the bembe, the rumba, and the son, and the bombo where did the bembe originate i think in the yoruba tribes of africa i dont need to restate them but okay so theres patterns then theres instruments all the clave patterns were stated but other instrument-centric patterns are 
- palito
- mambo
- bombo
- congas
- timbales (timpani)
- palito/cascara

palito/cascara and mambo are exclusive son clave and salsa

bombo hit is always the second hit of either clave's 3-2 pattern

How does [Bembe Rhythm Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GAiRr40u5A) feel?

I feel like I'm in danger right now because of present company. It feels like what I know of like safari based movies. If I step aside from the pain, danger, and darkness, it's...all I can think about is Haley. It's that same like...premonition. Playing with feelings. Feeling pulled in when I'm not around, and pushed away when I'm here. She brings the other guy up and all I feel is pain. Obsessive pain. I can't get back on. I need her to hold me.

how do i reclaim my safety?

I have a really hard time following any of this music.

Sometimes I can't tell if she says things specifically to inflict pain or if she's excited. Like why bring him up? Like why talking about sitting next to me...then sit across? It's almost like sometimes I see isolated moments where it feels like this was meant to inflict pain. It's HAley's same energy. The same like pain drive here. Like the same exact paralysis

Why did talking around it make it so much better? She sent me a text that an ex sent her. Honestly, I agree with alot of it. It was this sense of danger for hours. Why did it suddenly feel so safe? Does it? Now we're all playful and i feel safe again. But I know the minute he comes up it goes away. AS if I can't just express myself if that happens? I feel like it really is the lack of communications. Is it possible I'm as unattractive to her as the fat woman is to me? There's a voice in my head this entire time trying to manipulate the circumstances. Or maybe not like consciously so much as...I finally *see* it. I see the ways I'm hurt and trying to change things. Almost like saying what exactly to do to make the pain go away. Even now, it's saying that the less I intervene, the more likely something bad is going to happen. And I'm just letting it. On one side, i'm not trying to maniuplate here so much as like understand that its not my job to control her. But on the other...I want it to happen. And I feel terrible about that.

I keep coming back to this [Rumba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOQvzI1A2P0) video. They all just seem so happy. But honestly, it all feels like this drone. Like I have a hard time appreciating any of the drumming. It all feels background to what's happening. Like is it improvised? Or do they know what they're doing?

The question here: How do I understand african rhythm? How do I enjoy it? I mean I like what I'm hearing here, but I don't feel like I'm fully experiencing it. It almost seems like a type of music you have to be their to experience like the cultural significance.

She still mirrors me alot. We both had a laughing fit. That's what brought the safety back. Knowing he couldn't have that. Not in the same capacity. I put my feet up, so does she. I laugh, so does she. It feels weird to be writing all of this with her right in front of me. But I need to document.

It's because I feel seen finally. Like...there isn't a miscommunication. I feel safe because we're back to feeling the same thing. Unless we always were? I don't think so. I think there was tension there. Maybe I'm the only one that felt it? I don't think so. She talked so happily about him, and it repulsed me. Threatened my safety. Telling her would only harm their relationship. Keep hurting yourself instead. 

I feel like they imitate sounds of the rainforest. Like birdcalls?
