It’s a long story. And ive talked about it with a therapist, but three years ago. My family just kinda…glazed past it. I was in a lot of pain.
It’s weird. When we met, I was really annoyed by her. She was dating my best friend and I hated the way he became with her. We were all living together. But sometime over the course of their relationship, we became best friends. When we’d spend time together, it was “Zach and Jess time.” We had a handshake. We talked about everything, she even approached me about the breakup and asked for my advice. I tried to keep them together and it didn’t work.

Over that summer, he moved home. It was basically just the two of us. We spent a lot of time together. Hiking, getting intoxicated, talking, etc. she’d send me these instagram videos of things for us to do together. Then she’d call me. We started making a list of everything we wanted to do and making plans to do them. Over the course of that summer, both of us developed really strong feelings for each other. I remember feeling so conflicted about it. I dated someone else, and I tried helping her with her dates. But then one night, we were spending time together and this bartender we were both friends with pushed us together. We got drunk, and I kissed her. There was about a month after that where it was our secret. I was terrified to tell my best friend because…well who wouldn’t be?And it all started out Rocky anyway. Like she seemed so sure about me, but I was so scared. 

After the first night, I sent her this long message about how we couldn’t do it. At the same time, she sent me this message about how much and how long she felt for me. Honestly, i loved her and i jnew it. She told me maybe a couple days after that that she loved me. Id been in a relationship before where a similar thing happened and i didnt feel it, but this time i did. I said it back immediately.

For that whole first month, I wouldn’t let us have sex. It was that base I just couldn’t push to. She goaded me though and probably like 5-6 makeout sessions in I caved. I remember the first time, it was at my childhood home. My best friend lives 10 minutes from here.

We started planning a trip to Boston together. It was a silly occasion, we were going to see Therapy Gecko. But idk. We always wanted to do things together, didn’t need much of a reason to do anything. So we went, but about a week before our trip, my best friend found out. I remember that night, it’s seared into my brain. We were in bed together, but I was filled with paranoia. I thought he was going to come kill me. He didn’t find out from me, and all I gave him was a text. I stayed up all night watching his location on Find My just to make sure he wasn’t driving down. I never really heard from him after that. 10 years of friendship down the drain.
The relationship was still one of the best I’ve ever had. We did nearly everything together. Listened to music, went to shows, danced in the kitchen to Dancing Queen, cooked food, hiked…literally everything.

But a lot my friends distanced themselves from me. One of them publicly berated me. One of them had his own issues, but he told me how mad he was at me. He moved to Virginia and it’s hard not to feel like I have any sort of part in that.

When it was good, it was great. But when I look back on the relationship, I feel like I had so many problems. I was an alcoholic in a degree I hated with almost no friends. All I had was her and my animals. She inspired me. Her charm, charisma, playfulness, and attitude all made me feel this oneness. I remember there were times where I’d look across the bar and she’d be sitting there and we’d be staring into each others eyes and I felt this immeasurable love. Then there were nights I was in so much pain or so scared that I buried myself in projects or schoolwork. I blamed her for alot of my problems, and im convinced I was just having breakdowns sometimes to get her attention. I had all of her attention though. The more i reflect on the relationship, the more i see how much i fucked up. She was trying hard. She was trying to communicated. She’d take my dog to get a pup cup and id get mad when she wouldnt take her to a dog park. She’d be begging to come in my room and id locked her out. There was one night she wanted us to go spend time with her friends and I yelled at her that i wanted to stay downtown drinking. Towards the end, she always wanted to spend time with me. She tried playing video games, inviting me to things, whatever it was. I avoided her.

The last weeks leading up to the end of our relationship, my best friend’s brother died. We’d watched the eulogy online. She went on this trip and came back so excited to be with me. I remember seeing her jump with joy. That week, we got into a fight about her weed use. Hypocritical considering how much I drank. She had to go on this other trip with all her photographer friends. I remember, one of the last calls we had was on that trip. She called me to talk about how anxious she was, how she wanted to drop it all and go drive in a van with these friends. I couldn't pay attention. I was drunk, and I was hyper-focused on whatever project I was distracting myself with. She hung up on me midway through the conversation. She got home the next day at 2 AM. I waited up for her, again drunk. And petrified. I remember asking her about the trip and she couldn't look me in the eye. She stayed out of the house the next two days, and I knew it was coming. 

I don’t think she left me for another guy or cheated, but it’s no coincidence that they started dating a month later. There were several times we saw each other after she ended things. But it’s the last time I saw her.

I reflect on it and I blamed her for so much. She tried. She did amazing. It wasn’t perfect, she still annoyed the hell out of me and was a bully at times. But when I reflect on these moments…what we had was good. And I feel like I fucked it up. And I think that’s what hurts seeing this photo, knowing that in some sense I threw it all away. I didn’t know better at the time. I couldn’t have. But it still fucking sucks.

After it ended, I was obsessed with trying to fix it, mainly by going cold. I unfriended her on everything. There were a couple of times she tried to text me. I kept it brief. At one point she wanted to try and talk or meet up, and I just said I wasn’t ready. The last time she tried was in November 2.5 years ago, she messaged with me and a mutual trying to bring up a joke. I didn’t respond.

I’m not proud of how I was acting after the breakup. I didn’t have the strength to handle anything. I dropped out of grad school. I moved home. I sat in a basement playing video games and blasting music and watching Netflix all at once, basically anything to cull the madness. I obsessively watched this “get your ex Back Coach,” if for no other reason than to feel like I was making some sort of progress. Every day was a battle. I kept track of the days since the breakup to see how long it was going to last, when the intensity would die down, etc, and everything I did at the time was motivated by somehow getting her back by creating distance. I’d go on crazy adventures like weeklong cruises, trips across the country, and to places where we’d always talked about going just so I could post them online and either she could see them or someone would tell her and make her jealous. And for a while, pivoting to a creative career was in an effort to seem more appealing to her. I befriended her best friend’s ex because I thought it would be funny to start showing up in his insta. There were so many times where I d made decisions particularly with the intention of making her jealous or trying to give her the pain she left me with. Eventually reuniting with my best friend in a wedding photo was something I hoped she would have to see.

The relationship paralyzed me for 6 months, and pushed me into a debt that’s taken 3+ years to crawl out of. There are good things that have come out of it but…I still think about her. Almost daily. I don’t think she was perfect, and some part of me believes there’s something better out there. But when all the pieces are spelled out like this, why go looking for something that already exists?

Maybe the lesson in this is just knowing what it feels like, what it’s like to lose it so that I never let go again. But I worry I haven’t learned the lesson. And such specific parts are highlighted in my head now. The ways that she tried, the ways she listened, the ways she was there for me. If I asked her to hold me, she would. And she tried, but I could see the gradual corrosion that I created over time playing in realtime in my mind. And I guess I feel guilty for the cocougheny  of this mess, feeling like I’m at the center. It was my decision that broke the 10 year friendship, among many others. It was my decisions that corroded the relationship. Then it was my decisions that infected the wound at the end of it.  I’m not foolish enough to believe that what I see right now reflects any accurate reality, because it conveniently misses all the times she hurt me, but it’s hard to say that there were any of those times (except for once before we were dating when she bragged about people wanting to sleep with her).

So now it feels like I’m still picking up the pieces, and I wonder if I’ll ever be capable of that again
