# 04-28-2025

Need to start trying to understand the difference between stable dullness and
other dullnesses. I think I can recognize dullness when it starts to appear
now, but am having a hard time fighting it (maybe from fatigue) and definitely
don't know how to stabilize it. I think another good thing would plan out what
I want everyday to look like going forward. 

So the intention for this week: Write about a solid business plan for the
12-week bootcamp, and everything I know about drums/how to teach it.

The plan so far is really to target people around my age. 20-30 I feel like i
should really be writing about stuff that is like idk somewhat innovative I
already know the niche yeah but what else do i know about the nice who is
he/she what do they do for a living idk myabe tech jobs i feel like the job
itself is failry arbitrary they probably listen to rock music or punk maybe
even rnb like I'm thinking josh he's a fitness addict I like growth oriented
people so they probably meditate too okay that's something maybe they're
obsessed with growth and do they think they'll be a rockstar one day maybe not
I 'm not sure they're looking to reinvent themselves so much as they just want
to be able to play with friends they see alot of videos online from really good
drummers like ringo starr or travis barker and they're obsessed with their
capabiliities seeing them play so fast i feel like they have a bit of
experience in music but their parents thought it was a waste of time they may
not have a great relationship with their parents but if they do they have a
hidden resentment for not giving them a chance at this so they want to make up
for it now as an adult who has a single/dual income household where they can
reliably pay it forwad pay tribute tot he music community i think theyre fairly
mindful and adaptive they see this as an investment in themselves theyre not
aggressive but they see this as a valuable commodity that theyre finally in a
situation where they can learn to play music which has up until this point been
somewhat of a fantasy they want to learn how to play but have no idea where to
start there's so much ambiguity in youtube videos and they need the structure
of someone who has been on this journey before theyre the type that when they
run a marathon they get a coach to show them the way or if theyre going to hike
up a mountain they take the dangerous trail with someone who has done it before
they find beauty in the journey over the destination and want to explore drums
and music more as a curiosity they drema of getting to play and jam with other
musicians and they want to learn how to continue learning they see this more as
an investment that has a fixed ending and fixed outcome much like any form of
coaching yet they are willing to continue on indefinitely they likee the idea
of a fixed timeline the idea that they are going to reach a goal and the when
they read a flyer saying that by the end of this they will be able to read
music they will be able to pracctice with a meteronome they will be able to
play the boots and cats beats they get excited they feel excited thinking that
they might be able to learn any song that they listen to and play along with it
they get proud showing this to their significant other as something they picked
up its not the same as someone who takes lessons so that they can swoon their
significant other they want to make them dance they want to make them proud 

what is it they expect to learn and what problems do they have my current offer
is that i will teach them how to read music i will teach how to use a
meteronome how to hold the sticks how to carry your weight ergonomically I will
have cheatsheets for all of these things that will assist them as they continue
forward these cheat sheets will use the ergonomics discovered from eyears of
drumming it will guide both traditional and match grips should they be sheets
or videos or both could they be both would that be beneficial idk what problems
do they face drums are too loud theyre not ergonomic they take up too much room
whats the point of learning drums anyway when I could learn guitar why did i
even learn drums in the first place thats actually a really good question i
have no idea the more i think about it the more i think that i learned drums
because guitar wasnt an option why does anyone willingly decide to pick up
drums i was inspired to play drums later on but why would someone actively
choose to pick up drums as a primary instrument theyre loud and obnocious your
neighbors hate you for having them when you're bad people complain about it
yeah but they do that with any instrument you're not special for that i think
something about drums is more of a dance its a full body movement and a workout
its an instrument that connects to the body its a religion yeah but why do
people start playing it who puts the stick in their hands wow this is actually
a really deep insecurity in my mind i can see why teaching has never worked out
before how the hell am i supposed to understand why anyone else would want to
play drums when i didnt even want to play them when i was just kinda coerced
into it thats a crazy realization like there's pop culture drummers now like
questlove and ringo starr and whats his name the ohh chad smith but like why
would anyone venture out on their own to learn drums its not necessarily a
virtuostic instrument its not even really glamorous its the behind the scenes
instrument that holds down the fort its the instrument that is the most
important yet no one paays attention to how can i cater this to people when i
hardly view it highly and see it as being so critical this seems like a very
important distinction

# 04-29-2025

I get it. I have daddy issues too. I surround myself with women who are all
in some regard in love with the idea of me because I don't know how to give
that kind of attention to myself. I'm nice. I'm flirty. I'm not always
intentionally flirty, but I just am. I'm a tease. I like the attention. I hate
that I like the attention because all it's ever done it hurt me. All it's ever
done is get me into trouble and harmful situations. I've built a career out of
getting that attention. 

I'm afraid that if I stop being that way, no one will want me. I'm afraid that
I have to give up the glamour of always being that person that the attractive
people are attracted to. Even when they aren't attracted to me. I'm afraid if I
stop acting this way, Lizzie will never love me, Jess will never come back, and
Haley will never become a better person. I'm afraid that we'll stop being
friends because you'll realize the glue holding us together was that we
couldn't be together and that I put a wall up between us all this time. I'm
afraid I'll have to confront this wall and tear it down, tear out the thorn,
and that I won't be able to resolve this issue alone. That I'll have to
confront my dad about this. 

**I'm afraid that the only attractive part about me is that I was unobtainable
and impossible to understand. That the only thing that made you think about me
was trying to decipher my moves when the most obvious answer was that I'm so
confused about what I want. I'm in love with you but you're everything I hate
about me. All I want is to fix you. All you want is how I look and make you
feel. We'll never work out and that's the hardest part of all of this.**

I'm afraid I'll have to attract people for real. That I'll be inviting genuine
relationships in. That this could be the only barrier between finding the type
of people I want to be with in life. That if I stop allowing people into my
life whom I share few commonality with, that I might possibly involve people
that want to be around me and it's like if that was always an option then why
did I suffer so much? What was the point of Haley, Jess, and Lizzie other than
the sex? Like I feel like moving on means admitting that all I cared about in
these relationships was how good they looked, how they made me feel, and the
convenience of it all. It means being straightforward about the fact that my
only priority for so long was to have someone that gets my rocks off, a sex
object that I could fuck whenever the time felt right, and someone I could
objectify. It means admitting that I wanted a possession not a partner. And I
don't know how to build a world as a team instead of on my own, when I come
from a background where it feels like all I ever was was the victim, and yet
looking back I was just as manipulative as they were.

I didn't know any better and I can't accept that as an excuse when I hurt so
many people.

Matt walker sleep studies

# 04-30-2025

So what is the question today?

I want to expand on this:

> Like why would anyone venture out on their own to learn drums? Its not
> necessarily a virtuostic instrument. Its not even really glamorous. Its the
> behind the scenes instrument that holds down the fort. Its the instrument
> that is the most important yet no one paays attention. To how can i cater
> this to people when i hardly view it highly and see it as being so critical. 

In that vein, why do *I* love playing drums?

I love playing drums because theres some pure connection to the music. Like
melodic instruments are fun to listen to, but I've never known one of them to
make me want to move my body without a percussive element to it. The stomping
of the foot or the slapping of the side. Even in guitar, watching someone try
to mimic the percussiveness is admirable but it never fully recreates the sound
of the drumset the power of the kick beating through your chest the intensity
that you can feel from a rock drummer or the delicacy that you can get from
jazz. The way that a fuk drummer can make your head move the cognitive
distortion you can experience when beats are shifted slightly out of place that
feeling of someone playing slightly out of time but still in the pocket is such
an existential experience as if for a moment its causing your soul to separate
from your body and the fluidity of it too its like watching a ballet or a tap
dancer its like getting to hear the moves that they make its such a profound
instrument but yeah its not glamorous people usually forget about it and it
makes me feel lonely up there it can feel like a burden sometimes being in the
back being expecteed to be perfet and not being able to achieve it its hard
watching everyones backs and playing a show for people where maybe only one of
them will pay attention to you and genuinely that makes me sad looking out into
a crowd or even looking at bandmates and not a single one of them is paying
attention to you because all you are is their time keeper its a thnakless job
most the time but its the most important one the most impactful one the one
they dont see but you can walk away from it everyday feeling like i held this
band together when the egotistical singer talks his way through the crowd and
gets all the women you can have the confidence you made that happen being a
drummer means to be generous it means to be someone who gives gives gives and
never expects anything in return it gives you the power to control how the song
feels the tempo of it the way that each instrument is hit and it makes me sad
to think about how sad i feel with the drums how insecure i feel and
underrepresented i want to cry about it because it almost seems like another
place where ive chosen the lonelest instrument the one that no one pays
attention to the instrument with walls its not that i chose it for those
reasons like i absolutely love drums everything about it the way it feels to
exert that energy **i used to come home after a bad day or a breakup and i didn't
want to run i didn't want to cry all i wanted to do was shit myself on the kit
ecause i was playing so much all i wanted to do was play some heavy fucking
rock music or heavy metal and beat all my problems away when i was bullied when
i faced my insecurities all that melted away when Nightmare came on and I could
just move all my limbs as loud and as fast as i can because it was the
instrument of expression its the instrument for those of us that dont have a
voice or havent found it yet its the instrument where they have to pa attention
to you where if you decide youre done everyone will hear it is the most
iportant instrument its the one that you have control over its the one thing
that no one can take away from you you didnt have to be good at it you just
loved being able to sit behind the kit and hammer shit out you didnt even care
if you were good at it or not until recently you just loved playing you always
felt like pride was what drove you forward but pride and anger dont have that
power it was always love you always loved playing you loved the escape you
loved the challenge you loved asking yourself "can I go there" and not stopping
until you you loved the addiction you loved the pain of not being able to
figure it out you loved the experiementation you loved everything about the way
it allowed you express yourself because that was you in those few moments you
could speak your truth in those few moments the universe aligned in your favor
dad couldnt yell at you and mom couldnt bully or belittle you drumming was your
escape and you have the power to give that to someone else you have the power
to channel that expression to teach this skill** #music #insight #emotional but why are you so afraid to
teach it why are you trying to hide it why are you so afraid to express
yourself here you love the drumms you hate the drums the drums challenge you
theyve frustrated you youve felt misunderstood as a drummer you have so many
places in your life where you were made to feel insecure behind the kit by the
same bullies that you couldn't stand up to and now that you have to confront
that you have to recognize that they've impacted your ability to play your
ability to take risks your ability to shine on the stage eeryone loves when you
play but you still dont feel like your'e good enough to belong there its
addicting its gratifying its amazing when you get done with a show and they all
tell you how good that show was how your fills popped off but **the best feelings
dont come from the stage they come from the conversations you get to have with
your friends about music its like this whole other world opens up this new
understanding for whats interesting whats fun this whole world of excellence
its like anything that expands your mind like running or meditation**  #music #emotional why dont I
want to pay for lessons of mentorship its not that i dont i just never feel
like i know the right person theres still this barrier here that i dont
understand like theres a heavy resistance that i cant quite explain its like i
still dont know how to talk about why i love drums in a way that i also feel it
most of the stuff ive written here today comes from a place of frustration and
desire where is my peace iwht my drums maybe the truth is that i feel like im
never enough and that contributes to this long running narrative of why i cant
be enthusiastic about drums for others why i always have to fake compliments
maybe i dont understand why i love drums and that frustrates me because ive
committed the rest of my life to doing it but maybe the answer is simple maybe
i dont have to understand it maybe the truth is i love drums maybe the truth is
i hate drums but i dont i love drum circles that feeling of getting to sit
around with a group of people and just jam i love every bit of it but i fail to
recognize how i could convince anyone else to want to play drums when i dont
even understand why i play them like ive never really observed that the
feelings i get from playing drums and even when i observe them i dont feel like
i can do a great job at communicating them other then just saying like it feels
powerful. I think the thing i have a hard part understanding isnt as much the
drum aspect of it as it is like why does anyone try to learn something new
without striving to be the best at it? I mean I guess i dont want to be the
best at running but i do want to run marathons and ultra marathons maybe its
not about being the best as much as the feelings it gives you and i think with
music thats a hard part for me to understand because ive never really lived a
life without music without art what other reasons are there really to study an
instrument i guess just to enjoy it i mean ive said some stuff here that
resonates

The text is wished shed send.

Hey Zach, I've seen you're looking down pretty lately. How are you feeling?
Just want you to know if you ever need anything, anything at all, I'm here for
you. You're such a bright soul in my life and I'm always happy to see you. Give
me a call sometime. Love ya man

What went wrong with teaching:
- too much time shooting the shot, not aggressive enough about staying on
  topic. There's def a gentle way to do this
- Need to demonstrate more and ask him to demonstrate more. You're more
  thorough and appreciated that way

It’s just so fucking daunting looking at my past recently. The past couple
days, the grief of all the change has made me reflect on my childhood. The more
I looked, the more I just found that I was always alone. I was always bullied
by my friends or led on by people I was in love with. One girl (Lizzie) led me
on for two years. After her, everyone I dated was in some degree provocative
and promiscuous. My dad wasn’t around much. I never learned how to stand up for
myself and so I was always a coward, or at least lacked the courage or
awareness to leave situations that weren’t going anywhere. I didn’t have anyone
teaching me how to stand up for myself which kept me surrounded by people who
were victims. But every community I joined, I was the lone wolf, and the only
people who came to me were the bullies or the other loners. Music was the first
place and group of people that accepted me, but that’s besides the point

