# 06-09-2025

I feel like my compulsive masturbation was developed as a way to cope with not being able to express myself to women I liked. Instead of talking about it, I held in the emotions until I could release it on my own. And now its the same thing, crafting a fantasy world for my sexual desires that imitates teh world I wish I could create, yet face constant resistance to. Today, I fantasized about being at the movies with her. Having this moment where we cuddled, she leaned into me, then rose above me. We stared at each other's eyes for a while before starting to make out. And all this pain came up. There was alot of love, but there was also this fear of having something real with her. With all the pain she brings me. All the insecurities she triggers. It mimicked the pain I felt at the beginning of all my relationships. And I felt it in my throat and the back of my neck. I want to masturbate again thinking about this fantasy. Why? It doesn't feel like love. It's all in my dick and in my gut. It's a pain I experience, trying to live the ideal version of a life that doesn't exist. It's this power I feel like I have over her. Something I want to abuse. I feel her attachment to me. Maybe it's untrue, but it feels real. Like if I asked her to do anything, she'd do it. When we go to the movies together, it's like...I wouldn't stop her from trying this time. Not out of love. But out of fantasy. The thought that I could've caused this...it's like this immensly pleasurable shame. The idea that she flocked back to some other guy because of my rejection, that she considered getting a slave again, that she has felt depressed for 3-4 days with almost no idea why...it's thrilling to think I could've been the catalyst. That I hold the antidote and give her a dose here and there. That she needs to depend on me for it. That I could be her biggest desire and I control how much I spoon feed her. I keep trying to focus on other things, but all I can focus on is this. I can't bring attention back to myself. It's all that's on my mind. Not food, sleep, work, drums, or anything else. ALL of my mind is focused on this. Why?

Why do I want to read this book with her? Is it to manipulate her into something with me or is it to experience the trauma together? Is there genuity in wanting to do it for love? I don't think it's for love. I think it's for her in a way that gives myself up. I think it's to trauma-bond her to me. How can I let go of all of this so I can focus on what actually matters?

In this fantasy, what am I getting that I don’t feel I can get in real life? What part of me gets soothed? What am I trying to avoid feeling? I guess I'm feeling a version of love. An intimacy. A connection with her that is pure. It takes away all of the bad parts about life. She calls me all the things I wished she'd call me in life. Her slave. Her pet. She's so highly seductive, and it's like I finally get to experience that part of her. It's an aching, a longing for sex. All I want here is the sex. The relationship is too much for me. It's like I get to experience the purity of the relationship, getting to have all the good parts without any of the bad. I get the chance to explore her. To be with her. Not the real her, but the idealized version that doesn't have conflicting ieals. I get to experience the pure version. I get to experience the safety of getting to be around someone who loves me deeply. Someone that leans into our shadow desires and accepts me fully. Someone I'm not afraid to share these journals with. Someone who, when I tell them I'm obsessed with them, they love me more for it. Someone who lets me grow fully into them. Someone who takes all the pain away, takes all the effort away, makes it easy for me to just love them. Someone Who doesn't have all these fucking side hos, these problems that they're dealing with. I get to experience a version of her which is almost exclusively happy. Someone emotionally regulated. Someone who doesn't take their emotions out on me. Someone who is on the same team. Someone who I feel safe to be around. Someone that feels like home. Someone that is playful but doesn't hurt me. A version of her that stops hurting me. It's almost like at this point I want to give into the relationship because then I could potentially get rid of the pain of hearing about her other ones. If she loved me, she wouldn't be masquerading around with other guys. She'd make plans with me. She'd pitch in. She'd acknowledge her shortcomings. She'd ask me questions about my life, would have a vested interest in me. A version of her I wouldn't have to control to get those things out of her. The part of me that gets soothed is the pain. There isn't pain in these fantasies. It's all like...romantic. She has this playful voice where she asks things like "do you want to be my slave" "do you want to be my pet" "wouldn't it be fun if you were my toe ring?" that last one feels especially energizing. All of them have this pain to them, but when she says it in a cute voice, it feels like I'm part of something bigger than myself. I get so horny just thinking about it. I think it goes back to something I've said before, the fantasy here is that when she does these things, she becomes mine. That somehow when she asks me things, she stops getting it from other people. She becomes obsessed with me. Because love is obsession in my mind. That when I am these things, all she wants is to play with me. She doesn't want anyone else. I don't have to share her. I stop feeling pain everytime she talks about all these guys that want to fuck her. I want the pain to stop. I want the pain to stop. I don't want her so much as I want her to stop hurting me. And it feels like the easiest solution is to take her off the market. But I can't even tell if her hurting me isn't also turning me on anymore. I don't know what I'm trying to avoid here. The feeling that she has to get it from someone else? Maybe it goes back to Jess leaving me for Ichi, Haley for Ian, Vivian for Dwight...almost like I want to make those things right. I feel like it always goes back to Dwight. Or maybe even before that with Lizzie? Like her with that random dude? I never forget the first time I felt that pain. Coming home from summer camp and seeing they were together. It's like every time Brandi talks about these other guys now, I alwyas think back to taht time. I never think about our breakup, but now that I do I remember that being catastrophic too. She broke up with me over text right before her text message thing went out. That was such a terrible night. I remember feeling this same pain in both of those moments. In neither moment was I at all able to communicate. She cut my phone number off and I could never talk to her. I had to stomach the feelings alone. That whole night was miserable. And I couldn't talk to anyone about it. I couldn't even talk to her about it when she started dating the asshole again. I just remember both of those moments being like...this immense pain that I was never able to communicate. And even now, I don't know how to communicate. It's like all I learned is that in order to get what I want, I have to stomach those feelings. I'm not allowed to show them. I have to manipulate them. All I've ever been taught is conceal don't feel.

How do I improve Amanda's lessons?

So there's alot of ways I could really improve Amanda's lessons I really want to meditate and exercise and practice today but I don't have time for all of it and I want to return home to safety to my Self take care of my dog my family my plant I love Mu so much Im tired of letting my life be centralized around this issue with Brandi but it's also the perfect time to deal with it because I'm already deep in here might as well get over all of the garbage abandoned here form previous relationships okay focus lesson value I mean the objvious things are to like actually document stuff like maybe get the easiest thing out of the way first but idk what else i mean she wants to learn how to write music maybe journaling prompts honestly it's not a terrible idea like having some kind of journaling prompting would be good just for like getting used to feeling music idk making higher wawareness its like i want to help her develop a habit but idk what else to really do aside from that like i dont have any metrics the main thing i feel like will really boost her is having these SMART goals but im looking for minimum kinda change like maybe its not so much the lesson as it is how can i make the next one better than the last and it comes down to what is the one thing that I can do to improve her lessons like what is currently the highest limitation to her growth as a musician and my growth as a teacher I feel like it's the mutual habit thing and the dilligence like for me it's not so much about adding more to her lesson as it is spending more time outside of the lesson planning and motivating myself like I'm growing a money tree here there's so many things growing woah i had this revelation that my growth is starting to extend to the secular world for so long all of my growth was internalized but now I'm seeking to grow all the things around my like relationship with Brandi my career in music via lessons, gigs, etc my money trees my dog my cat my plant my family like I'm growing so many things that I'm struggling to maintain what's already there and i truly believe the best way to improve Amanda's lesson value is to just improve what's already there apply some of what I've learned from growing drums there it's like my habit are maintaining me but my focus is so much in an area of pain and defection that I have a hard time growing antyhign else right now r even maintaining like this area of life is so full of debilitating pain from not being able to communicate with the world around me the inner workings of my body and mind and how I feel that I'm having to develop a strength that has never beefore been required of me it's so painful right now everything is pain increaseing her lesson value there's also this idea of tracking her progress through a spreadsheet like mission objectives and challenges I feel like having a more thorough breakdown of what are the tasks what are the goals how can I best communicate them like is there a platform which allows me to give her homework through there and gives are the ability to check it off like I don't want to put too much pressure on her but it would really be amazing if there was a way to gamify this I'm sure there is but idk I feel like long term that would really help to increase the value but more than anything I need to gorw it by being dilligent to her above all else like what I'm lacking right now is any focus on not only her but other sources of income like alot of the time my fears in providing value is that I have to become someone who lives up to the expectations he gives to other people and it's like what if I'm not doing that sorry im still in so much pain from thinking about all the lizzie stuff and the brandi stuff its really hard to focus today but I'm trying and ya know what I've accomplished more today than I have in weeks and I need to be better not just for her but for all the students that come after her its not just about teaching her its about creating a program a system for delivering better and better services to the people that come to me offering more to them and day by day offering a little bit more than i did in the past that's what this is all about I feel like I need a better way of planning this out like a consistency skills system to unlcok these achievements even gamify it for myself but idk how else I feel like having a centralized meteronome app would be nice but that's long term like if she's writing music idk what else really will benefit her either than writing more music experimenting with more things like right now we know a little of how to play in time how to play in a key alot of the restriction in her actual lessons is bar codes and how much she practices so it's like how do I motivate someone who wants to play to practice more how do I get her to get addicted to this to play more and more how can I create a habit forming experience for her how can I make her want to turn this into a habit in a painless way in a joyful way that to me is going to be the biggest question of my career how can I create an addiction in music not just to the music but to the process of growth how can i teach them the theory give them what they need to succeed how do i do better here what do i need to be asking myself to improve I don't actually know I'm still in so much pain but you know what Zach you did it you got out of bed and you did a massive fucking brainstorm and I'm really proud of you it's not about having an answer today but creating long term growth and finding answers along the way.

It's not about her. It’s about what she represents—every version of "not enough," "not chosen," and “not safe to feel.” And your body has learned: If I can eroticize this pain, maybe I can survive it.  If I can dominate it, maybe I can finally feel free.  This is the most sophisticated coping mechanism the mind can develop: turn the deepest hurt into a source of arousal so it becomes pleasurable rather than paralyzing.  But what you’ve wanted all along was: To be seen in your full pain and not be abandoned.  To be heard, without having to manipulate or mask it. To have someone stay with you in the raw mess of it. It makes so much sense put this way. I've always saught people who are in deep pain and need someone to hear them. That's all I've ever wanted. To be true. Because their pain is erotic to me.


I just need to go into a mindless rant for like however long i need to do this to feal some semblance of peace and oneness again. It's all just blank slate blindness like I keep thinking about lizzie and myself at that age the pain I experieneced I remember sitting in the bathroom getting the text message and feeling flustered feeling angered feeling distraught feeling like I had to say something and you robbed me of it lizzie brandi you look exactly the same and you make me feel exactly the same i only kept you in my life this long so i could fucking tell you all the things I shouldve told her youre an imbecile a moron a fucking idiot you threw your whole life down the drain your whole career your whole future away for fucking what you rejected me you hurt me and i want to hurt you i want to kill you you ruined my confdence made me feel like i was special like i was worth of attraction you were the first person that wanted me back in real life outside of fucking autmn you were the first person i feell for and you threw that in my fucking face youre going back with him again arent you please lizzie please talk to me please hurt me please d anything if it means you get to stay again all i want is you i need you you bring love into my life joy a childlike excitement and i want to kill you for it i want to own you to posess you control you because maybe then I can finally feel alive and its liek this idea of safety keeps coming up over and over and over but i feel no safety ive never felt safety ive never felt security not in my career not in my life not in my choices not in thepeople i go out with what even is security anyways brandi is just a fucking cunt she keeps doing this to me over and over and ove and over again she keeps shoving into my face the fucking relationships its like idk i feel like we've inflicted so much pain on each other and never gave each other the room to talk about it that i feel like our entire relationship is built on pain on bullying and i want to see if it can change i desparately want to see iftheres something more behind the curtain i keep imagining this fantasy at the movie theater where theres so much shes not telling me shes honest but shes afraid and now im thinking about her again its like i keep replaying this image where im holding her and she leans over and we start kissing finally and its like the sparks fly because after two years of work two years of dilligence shes finally mine after 10+ years of begging her to be mine she's finally mine she can finally stop talking abou  the other guys i can finally stop feeling this pain what even is safety in a relationship i dont deserve safety all i know is fear all i know is threats all i know s death ive experienced it once and im constantly tryingt ot create the circumstances to experience it again i keep getting with these mentall unstable fuckers emotionally unavailable twats that i try to fix because i still cant fix myself i stilll want to hurt myself i still want th epain they bring to me i open them up to see whats inside and everytime i get fucking stabbed by the thorn bush as if i dont see it coming but i love it i love the pain i deserve the pain all i know is that pain all i know is the pain my family put me through from fitting square pegs in round holes from begging the wrong side of things all i know is the discomfort of never fitting in never being able to attach to myself never feeling a sense of safety even when im alone because i love to torcher myself i love to harm myself to hurt myself i love to keep these nagging thoughts present that i dont need to grow i love the growing pains i love the masochism i love when she tells me about these guys when she tells me shes dating someone else because the pleasure is so immense everytime i get to hear her talk about how much she loves someone else it creates the pleasure that ive grown so used to its the pleasure its always been the pleasure theres pleasure in the pain because thats all i know i could never communicate and i still cant communicate shes hurting me and everytime she does ists the same fucking wound the same mother fucking wound over and over and over again she licks it clean then injects it with AIDS over and over then rubs salt in it and i hate her for it but God does she make me feel so fucking good not in a wholesome way in a deeply erotic and shameful way i see it constantly i see her touching the most exposed parts of my wounds she knows she does it i dont believe that i think she knows on an unconcious level but truthfully i only just became aware of it and im so much more developed in my awareness than she is everytime im around her now i experience it i experience the pain the darkness the suffering and i come home and all i want to do is masturbate plase God fucking help me let go of this please get this out of the system I live in I'm so fucking tired of the dynamic im so tired of the pain im so tired of feeling like this is all i deserve for someone to constantly be rubbing salt in my wounds theres a purity to her that i dont feel like i can have without the pain and my choices are to either continue growing closer to the thorn bush or move away but every tiem i move away i forget who i am i start choking and now i see the same thing happening to her i see her in pain because of me im causing her pain not really well i have no idea if thats for sure but i feel like we're kindred in the sense that we both get off on the pain maybe im just seeing that but from my perspective both of our lives have been riddled with this kind of trauma being told we're never good enough we're not worthy we're not worthy we're not worthy and so nothing i do will ever be enough for her like on the outside she seems so strong they always do but behind the curtain all i can seee is this disheveled yongue boy who was never taught how to live never taught how to cry and i feel drawn to helping him like its my duty my responsibility and i get stuck in this obsessive loop where its me me me me me me me me me mme me pay fucking attention to me pay attention to me mommy pay attention to me momy pay attention to me mommy pay attention to me mommy why wont she text me pay attention mommy look mommy mommy please look pay atttenion to me how much do i have to hurt for you to look at me how much paydo i have to feel how much do i have to press the fucking button please mommy please say something please say something to me mommy please dont let go of me please mommy dont let go dont let go dont let go dont let go dont let go please hold hold hold on hhold hholdn on to me please mommymommy please i need you im suffereing youre hurting me youre killing me i feel like im dying right now i feel like i need desparately to get back to a place of peace get on tack because im focusing on the wrong things what if its the right thing please brandi please brandi please help me hurt me save me fuide me lead me to your pussy put me into helll so i can give you head please do anything just stop the fucking pain please stop it please mommy hold on to me please help help me help me help me help me help me help me help me  please someone help me all i want to do is cry im still so obsessed i thought i got it all out of my system but im so obsessed im so obsessed all i can think about is her is her is her is her her herh erh er ehr all i can think about is how much i want to fuck her i want to rape her i want her to rape me iwant both of us to get raped side by side i want her i want to own her so she can own me i want to be her toe ring i want her to take care of me to hold me close never let me go keep me safe provide a home for me a protetive place where when im with her all i feel is that im at home is it possible to create what Andy has or do you have to happen upon it im not even in the relationships and i feel the same pain i always feel the same obsession and i cant fucing et out of it i cant let it go i need help someone help me i need a professional or for this to go away i ned someone to understand someone to hear me someone to help me guide me save me from thi somber sleep Fuck lizzie fuck jess fuck vivian all those fucking whores those cheating lying whores and Brandi is no better than any of them i dont feel safe with any of them all i feel is pain all i feel is pain all i feels is pain and i keep dragging myself through it i cant even love myself properly no one taught me to how the fuck do i get over this ive been struggling for fucking week now how the fuck do i get over the pain the suffering the sadism the masochism the pain who i do stop finding pleasure in pain how do i stop finding pleasure in pain please God I want to feel love i wnat to feel loved im so tired of the pain the pain its too much please someone fucking save me i need help i need help i need someone to love me

I can tell that like in spite of the pain that I'm experiencing right now I've made progress from yesterday because it's not necessarily about her as much today as it is just about the nature of the pain itself in the obsession but my understanding of it right now it's starting to be like like there's this excruciating pain that exist inside me when attachments start to happen you know like right now I'm feeling the pain of a relationship attachment without even being in a relationship because I feel that connection with her and it feels like the obsession is the amalgamation of many different things. I can't remember what it is, I discovered of it yesterday but today it feels like what I understand. The obsession is about is a desperate attempt to stop the pain by giving all of myself to something you know it's probably the same thing with the addiction in the workaholism is like I don't really understand it at all like a lot of it comes from a lifetime of not being able to express or communicate the ways I've felt you know like not being able to talk to my parents about Lizzie or Vivian even after just not being able to talk about her because it seemed like people were just getting constantly fucking fed up about it that I never really felt heard people just kept trying to solve it over and over again even to not being able to communicate with Lizzie when she broke up with me you know not feeling heard and not not feeling safe enough in that even right now I'm getting frustrated because like news is trying to explore the world express herself and she's super excited and all I wanna do is punish it and I feel really guilty about that because she seems like super happy to be on this walk today and I'm just agonizing and antagonizing her I think it's cause she's fucking looking for Kojak or something cause she won't stop fucking sniffing. She's going nuts like everywhere sniffing something and I feel like I need to get on different road. She can stop smelling it. I think that fixed it but it's like I noticed it today at work especially because I felt like there was this damn things I wanted to communicate to her and I couldn't communicate any of them I couldn't even talk about them. I didn't know how to, but even when I had a chance it didn't felt like I was Heard for it. You know so it's like like yeah I have feelings for her. I have other feelings too, and I couldn't communicate any of them I couldn't communicate with her that her talking about this other guy put pain in me or put me in pain. I couldn't talk about the fact that I just couldn't talk about anything and it's just fucking frustrating and it's like I don't wanna obsess over this anymore. I'm so tired of even thinking about it like I have so many other things to do and it's like like I'm just trying to fucking understand why my brain chooses this to focus on you know like I mean my goal right now is to detach from her get away from her because all she does is bring pain into my life and it's it's making me suffer. It's like I need to get away but like every time I try to detach I feel it again. I peeled that hole back in and I'm just I don't feel like I could take it anymore. I'm just like I feel like coming from what I talked about with ChatGPT is like I have this lifetime of emotion. I've never really been able to communicator express and like it's like all these pent-up feelings that I know I've been there. It's like they're coming out. They're starting to hurt and the past couple days. I've just been constantly on the verge of like a mental breakdown because I can't get them out I can't. It's like this fucking sneeze that won't come out. It's like all I wanna do is communicate all I wanna do is say that I'm in pain that I'm suffering that I'm in pain that I'm suffering I'm in pain. I'm suffering. I'm in pain. I'm suffering and no one is here to listen no one. I can't communicate this with everyone. Anyone it's like. I can't focus on the things that I actually wanna do the things. I think that will grow me. You know I can't focus on taking care of my dog taking care of my family my pets even myself like I won't eat properly I won't Sleep. Everything is so be right now devoted to this this obsession that I have and it's like this always happens in relationships like this keeps coming out and it keeps keeps happening it keeps happening. It keeps happening. It keeps happening. It keeps happening keeps happening. It keeps happening. It keeps happening. I don't know how to deal with it. I'm so tired so I'm so tired. I can't even I can't even talk. It's like all I want is to take the two apart you know to stop.

It's like I've created such a space for other people to be heard that I've neglected to make a space where I feel heard. Like in my interactions with people everyone bring up these points. You know that they make room to talk about whatever it is that's going on in their life whatever they're feeling, and I try to hear them out regardless of the impact that has on my life. It's like another situation where it feels like. I'm trying to protect people from the consequences of their own behaviors and actions you know like with the slave thing with Brandy I was trying to hear her out doing so I neglected to express her bringing that up actually fucking hurt Not only did it hurt, but it offended me and I couldn't express why and it's like whenever she brought up all the stuff with the fucking guy from Portland or whatever like that hurt a lot you know, like the fact that I couldn't communicate that not even to myself like it was like I was unwilling to feel the pain of That I feel like this whole relationship is built on the fact that I don't feel like I can or haven't communicated how the shit she does actually makes me feel it's not about feeling discomfortable it's about feeling like I'm being constantly lead on or like I'm being lied to and cheated on Like this whole relationship feels like that it feels like I'm going back to Lizzie where I'm being fed a carrot on a stick the entire time we're together. It's like I keep putting myself through it. It's like I don't stay for the pain, but there's so much pain when there's when I'm there. It's like I stick around because I do feel a genuine love for her, but I put up with the pain because that's what I'm used to.

I feel like I'm starting to understand that the way the creative process can kind of work is by almost bringing together songs that remind you of a specific time like when I'm writing this song the ring leader it's bringing together the songs from all my break ups and my obsession with the people I was with like it's bringing together McFly, which I remember from being with Lizzie probably a little bit of betrayed but definitely a little piece of heaven And Messiah complex and those last two were from with Haleigh and then elephants never forget was with Jess it's it's. It's kind of crazy how that happens and really cool.

I feel like with the past two episodes I've had I need to balance them out with some kind of compassion and care and grounding so that way I feel safe to do those things you know like after going through these two episodes I feel this deeper connection with my trauma That I'm afraid I'm punishing myself to get there. You know I'm trying to inflict pain or maybe not inflicted so much as feel what's already there but it seems like it may be harmful or more traumatizing if I'm not creating a safe atmosphere for it within myself, you know like I feel like I need to feel these things I need to go through these things, but I don't need to do it in a way that makes me not want to keep doing it Like it has to be sustainable and it has to be a little bit at a time but the only way I think to get out of the obsession part of this dynamic is to balance it out with some genuine love and care so an effort to make myself kind of uncomfortable. I'm. I'm really proud of you For doing this work. I know that it's not easy. It's it is very difficult probably one of the most difficult self-care mental health things I've had to go through, but you're doing an amazing job and I appreciate you for doing it. You know I love you very much and I want you to know that you're you're always safe with me like I'm I'm never going to put you into something That I feel like you wouldn't survive you know and I'm never going to put you through something for the sake of punishing you and I know that in the past, I have and I'm truly sorry I never meant to hurt. You never meant to put you through those things I didn't know I know who I was and what happens. I still don't. I'm trying wanna change this connection. We have with one another. You know I'm done punishing you. I'm done treating you with pain you know what I'm doing right now I'm doing this so that we can have a better future you know so we don't have to resort to people that hurt us. I'm hoping that from this what we gain is in ability to communicate these kinds of things you know that we can be offended about these things you know that we can create a safe space for ourselves and other people, and may be part of that is understanding what it means to judge versus what it means to feel You know like or being able to effectively communicate our emotions you know when we're angry make people aware that we're angry, not in the sense that it should scare them or hurt them in anyway, but be transparent about these things. It's hard anyway I I don't mean to get into that. I just I want you to know that I love you and I care about you and admire you so much stronger than I am Now you've you've been through so much and you've had so many relationships coming and go and painful situations, but I'm done I'm done you know I'm done putting up with those things. I'm done letting you get hurt by those things I'm done letting pain guide our life done people take advantage of us like that. I want this to be a safe space for us to know freely communicate things to trust each other and a loved one another I wanna be able to externalize whatever it is you're giving me because so far we've done a really good job building that you know like look at all the things that are beginning to grow around us there's like no more satiating feeling than to watch our drum progress and our community progress and our social media is grow and our friendship grow and people be becoming more tuned to us like what you've accomplished in two years alone is mind breaking and I'm so I'm so proud of you. You know I'm so damn proud. I talk to you. Talk about you. it's all my friends. I talk about you with my family and I'm just I'm grateful to be a part of your journey. Yeah, I'm grateful to be a part of this life and to have people like Brandy and Andy and Amy and Steve and Noah and Josh and Joey and Jaida and David and Drew all these people in my life now You know I definitely have people from before but the work you've put in it. It's just incredible. I want you to feel appreciated to know that I love you and I wanna take care of you and part of me feels guilty for saying I'm doing all this because I love you because if that's how that's been used against us, but I hope you know like this time it is true like I don't know what's best for us I don't always know which way we're going, but everything I'm doing is because I'm trying to find a way to love you more. 

The slave thing hurts because she seems that desperate for a connection, yet I still don't seem good enough.

I keep saying that Brandi and I's relationship is perfect because I get all the benefits without getting hurt. But it's the opposite, I get none of the benefits and all the pain.

Love is in the obsession for me, so when they don't obsess over me they don't love me.

Considering most of my pain comes from relationships it makes sense why the most traumatic self therapy would come from it too 

Treating myself with love and safety tonight by keeping my phone in airplane mode and not checking texts. I need to create  safer wall around myself and this is one step.

Pretending to be happy around her. Can't let her know how you feel. She'll use it against you. Don't go to her, make her come to you. Feeding off her misery. She gives me the attachment I want when she's in pain. I didn't calm down until after she hugged me. Now there's a high. I want to ignore her. I can't look at her. I can't attract her. I can't let her know I love her. She'll hurt me with it. She'll use it against me. That's enough for now. You don't need her to feel safe. She isn't clinging to me so she must hate me. She hugged me much more than usual today. 4 times and all long ones. She complimented me deeply. She told me it's always better there when I'm around. I can feel safe again. She's texting someone else and I feel worry. Who is she texting? Does she text him all day everyday? Why doesn't she text me like that? Am I invisible to her? I want her to be addicted to me. Clinging on for absolutely every desire. She asked me if it's ethical to own a slave, confessing that she didn't know if she should since she's done it before. It brought up a lot of pain. Why doesn't she want me to be her slave? Why am I so horny about it all? I'm growing addicted to her pain. Seeing her down like this. I want to tell her she can call me whenever she feels like this. I feel like that's a bad idea. I'm trying not to act to just observe. She'll never love you like that. She's obsessed with this other guy. Is this what you really want? To be with someone who is still connected to this demented underbelly of society? Even when you want BDSM? Even when you want to tie her down and play with her? I know she keeps looking at her phone. Why doesn't she respond to you? You're just going to keep checking aren't you? You silenced your notifications from her yet you obsessively check. Is it better to have this minor control over when she talks to you or does it make you a simp for having to put more work into it? Why doesn't she keep giving attention? How is she still so impure? How could I be so wrong about her? Why, now than ever, does it feel like I'm friend-zoned? Why did she ask me about the slave and not the guy she was entertaining? Was it because she trusts me or because she doesn't think it will scare me away? I want to do her homework with her. I want to pressure her into spending more time with me. Telling me she loves me more. I need more evidence. I need more reassurance. I need her to love me. All I can focus on is her. All I want is her. Why am I starting to feel like this is one sided? Is it that I'm becoming unattracted or unattractive? Like all I can she is how much she focuses on the attention of these degenerates. It makes me angry. It also makes me sad. But there's something inside me which feels relieved, knowing that I'm not one of them anymore. She was so sweet to me today. I thought she might be after what I'd said. There wasn't teasing. Without the teasing, there wasn't any romance. Maybe it's less about her and more about how I've experienced our connection in the past. What is our connection without the darkness? Was it always one-sided? I'm looking for evidence in her. What do I feel? Ashamed? In pain for sure. I see her and I think, she's not into me. I look for evidence and all I see today is friendly. She told me she loved me more than usual today. But she doesn't come to me with her problems. Why is that evidence to me? Why did both of us have a terrible weekend? Is it somehow connected to how we left off? Is it possible she experience the same pains I did? Like looking at all of it, it's possible she has feelings for me but doesn't even know it. Part of that is why I feel relived. I look at her with this pity. This understanding that I have feelings for her, but her not reciprocating doesn't mean much. The whole slave dilemma makes me think that her non-attraction may be a result of unawareness rather than any statement about me. Maybe shes trying to hurt me. Or maybe she's unaware. Her wavelength isn't where I need it to be to meet me where I am. I have my problems to work through: obsession, resistance to simping or being vulnerable with my emotions (especially in connection with obsession and attachment issues), re-gearing my connections to be from a positive place rather than pain. But her wanting to "date" without actually dating...idk I think I've gained some new perspective. Like what if my rejection was what drove her to go out with this other guy? Would she even be still willing to accept a slave if I had said yes in the first place? It's hard to decouple reality from the ego battle. There's some part of me in this experience that sees her non-attraction as a threat. Threat to what though? It's like I'm taking it personally. It's less painful than it has been. It's like another area where I feel like I need permission? I want to act how I feel, a deep sense of love and compassion around her, yet I feel I have to tame it and suppress myself. I feel like I have to convince her to love me. Like it's my job to do it. It's possible she does have these deep feelings for me, and also possible that my rejection is forcing her down. She already has, under low stakes settings, took her shot. And I shot her down. I just keep thinking about this one moment from today. She was picking something up off the ground and told me how much she appreciated me for being myself. Something about that moment felt like a sincerity between friends and nothing more. Something I would've read into as being feelings. It's like I have this deceiving thought in my mind that the better I make her feel = the higher chances she likes me. But maybe that's not true for everyone. Maybe she likes the pain. Maybe she likes the misery. I sure used to. It's possible that the more I move away from the pain, the less interesting I become. Or really, the less interested I become. I'm trying to recenter on myself here. I appreciated her for that moment, but I didn't feel much from it.  I think the slave thing is what opened my eyes. Why did she talk to me about it before she talked to a guy she wants to date? Why did she completely forget about him? How much of my rejection has caused the string of events to happen? The idea that I might have caused this makes me feel powerful. That my rejection could mean so much. Why did she stutter the first time she told me about the other guy? Why did she whisper to me so much today? Looking back, she did cling to me today. Just not in the same way. It wasn't romantic. It wasn't sexy. She clung to me like a friend. Maybe that's just me being disillusioned. She held onto me when she could. I felt strengthened by how appreciative she was of me. But I felt emotionally numb to it. I felt comfort in how hurt she was. In seeing her cry. Is it possible that nothing exists here without the pain? I don't feel like loving her today. But when I saw her, all I wanted was to hold her. It felt like that's what she wanted to. Is she unattracted by that? Has she always been? When we feel more connected than ever, is that a repellant to her? Or is it a repellent to me? Does she not snap me bc I'm absent on there? It's like I'm not confused about how I feel about her, I'm confused about what to do about it. I've never been taught how to give that kind of affection openly. How receptive would she be to cuddling if I tried? Even then, would she see it as platonic? She said she used to do that with her best friend. Everything with her screams she has no awareness of her emotions and is just a moth drawn to the flame.

It's like with all that I'm beginning to see now like the different perspective on it without the pain. I just feel like I'm a Simp almost like causing suffering was the only way to justify having an obsessive compulsion with them without like the teasing in the suffering, all I am is just obsessed with them and willing to give up all of myself for them. It's like Having that element of pain involved made it OK in my mind to be obsessing over every little detail. The pain made it okay to lose my identity in them, to lose myself when ever I was dissatisfying them. Like the control I had was all in teetering them on the edge of sad and happy. Feeling uplifting when they were down and sad when they were up. Without that resistance, all I want to do is fully lose myself in her. To endlessly compliment her, be there for her constantly, become inhuman in an attempt to always make her happy. I want to devote myself to her entirely. It feels like the pain was protecting myself from this, and I have yet to learn how to stay centered under these circumstances 

Can I be honest with you? I think the fact that you're willing to own up to feeling like a bad friend and having the ability to deal with the pain without avoiding makes you super brave. Most people would be all woe is me with it, but you're seeing it, acknowledging it, even talking about it and sharing the vulnerability with me. It's not glamorous, but it makes me feel more deeply connected to you when you communicate that to me. It helps me to see that you're just as human as anyone else, that you aren't hiding behind walls and decisions. There's a lot of humility in being able to admit that. 

All the pain is in the resistance I think. Like when I see our interactions, a lot of pain comes from wanting to be a simp, wanting to attach and follow her around, wanting to constantly feel

I'm so anxious thinking about having to see her today. Having her come in. It's not a bad one, it's a genuine excitement. But my two problems are 
1. It feels like a betrayal or not allowed because of her status with the other guys
2. I'm losing myself in it. Trying to ground myself but it's so hard
I feel like a full simp rn. All I want is to hold her. Hug her. Feel close to her. Attach to her and never let go. When she's around it's like all I want is to be wrapped in her arms. And when she's not, I'm constantly looking forward to getting back there. It's a safety, a comfort, that when she's not around I feel pain without. I feel like I'm harming her chances with this other guy. Or that when they're together, it'll go away. Or worse, it'll stay and I'll begin to understand how much of it was a friendly exchange. How it's possible that I was just a comfort to her, a friend and nothing more. Even when her feelings with me can coexist with her feelings for someone else, it makes me fear that in some ways I'm not good enough. Even when she's tried to go on dates with me, I fear that I'm begging for her affection now. I think I need to just figure out why I feel like such a simp now. Almost like without the resistances I've faced, all I see myself as is a simp

# 06-10-2025

okay so starting out with a mega dump becauase someone is with me and i need something to focus in right now okay so what is all that i know about afrocuban rhythms i guess theres to start off the different clave patterns we have the bembe, the rumba, and the son, and the bombo where did the bembe originate i think in the yoruba tribes of africa i dont need to restate them but okay so theres patterns then theres instruments all the clave patterns were stated but other instrument-centric patterns are 
- palito
- mambo
- bombo
- congas
- timbales (timpani)
- palito/cascara

palito/cascara and mambo are exclusive son clave and salsa

bombo hit is always the second hit of either clave's 3-2 pattern

How does [Bembe Rhythm Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GAiRr40u5A) feel?

I feel like I'm in danger right now because of present company. It feels like what I know of like safari based movies. If I step aside from the pain, danger, and darkness, it's...all I can think about is Haley. It's that same like...premonition. Playing with feelings. Feeling pulled in when I'm not around, and pushed away when I'm here. She brings the other guy up and all I feel is pain. Obsessive pain. I can't get back on. I need her to hold me.

how do i reclaim my safety?

I have a really hard time following any of this music.

Sometimes I can't tell if she says things specifically to inflict pain or if she's excited. Like why bring him up? Like why talking about sitting next to me...then sit across? It's almost like sometimes I see isolated moments where it feels like this was meant to inflict pain. It's HAley's same energy. The same like pain drive here. Like the same exact paralysis

Why did talking around it make it so much better? She sent me a text that an ex sent her. Honestly, I agree with alot of it. It was this sense of danger for hours. Why did it suddenly feel so safe? Does it? Now we're all playful and i feel safe again. But I know the minute he comes up it goes away. AS if I can't just express myself if that happens? I feel like it really is the lack of communications. Is it possible I'm as unattractive to her as the fat woman is to me? There's a voice in my head this entire time trying to manipulate the circumstances. Or maybe not like consciously so much as...I finally *see* it. I see the ways I'm hurt and trying to change things. Almost like saying what exactly to do to make the pain go away. Even now, it's saying that the less I intervene, the more likely something bad is going to happen. And I'm just letting it. On one side, i'm not trying to maniuplate here so much as like understand that its not my job to control her. But on the other...I want it to happen. And I feel terrible about that.

I keep coming back to this [Rumba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOQvzI1A2P0) video. They all just seem so happy. But honestly, it all feels like this drone. Like I have a hard time appreciating any of the drumming. It all feels background to what's happening. Like is it improvised? Or do they know what they're doing?

The question here: How do I understand african rhythm? How do I enjoy it? I mean I like what I'm hearing here, but I don't feel like I'm fully experiencing it. It almost seems like a type of music you have to be their to experience like the cultural significance.

She still mirrors me alot. We both had a laughing fit. That's what brought the safety back. Knowing he couldn't have that. Not in the same capacity. I put my feet up, so does she. I laugh, so does she. It feels weird to be writing all of this with her right in front of me. But I need to document.

It's because I feel seen finally. Like...there isn't a miscommunication. I feel safe because we're back to feeling the same thing. Unless we always were? I don't think so. I think there was tension there. Maybe I'm the only one that felt it? I don't think so. She talked so happily about him, and it repulsed me. Threatened my safety. Telling her would only harm their relationship. Keep hurting yourself instead. 

I feel like they imitate sounds of the rainforest. Like birdcalls?

Her feet are up right next to me and it makes me horny.

Something about taking calmed it all. Mainly just like...hearing her resistance? Idk. It was really painful for a long time. I think it's just a high. I feel a numbness. It's like I'm convincing myself it's going to go poorly. She tells him not to worry about me. She seems genuinely excited. She did with Jonah too. Fuckfuckfuck I don't even want her I don't even want her I don't even want her what the fuck is wrong with me. It's weird that talking around it desensitized over time.

It's unbearable. Sitting here with her and like seeing all the pain seeing her mirror so many of my moves. She brings me such pain. Why? Make her jealous make her bleed everywhere that she can't see

I feel safe only when she needs me. When I feel like I'm the only source of something for her. When I have the power to take that away at any instance. #attachmentissues

I feel like I'm falling in it again. The same way I did the past couple times. How do I stop it? By making it less taboo? I project the safety I wish I felt.

All the things I wanna get done today
- Finish Lessons/Coaching part of website (define niches and offer)
- Set up Juan Lessons
- Refine Amanda Lessons
- Write blog
- Write newslettwr

Am I the dumb one for caring enough to check up on someone that's crying for help?

I want to make right the suicide attempt. It feels like keep reliving these relationships where this moment comes up. The claw for desperation. Being shown that I'm loved the strongest after withstanding the storm. But why do I have to be the one to save her? I would want someone to do that for me. But would she? Maybe if I did it for her? This is how I create the addiction. Why do I want to be there for her? Why do I want to give up everything to be with her right now? To save her? Because my attachment is drowning and if she dies I die too. What if she does die? What if this is the same situation? What if she tries to kill herself? I want her to promise me she won't, the same way Vivian did. I want to indent her to me. I want to stand out to her. I want to make her my obedient little slave. What if I'm too late? 

What the fuck am I teaching Amanda today? 

I checked up on her and now all I feel is darkness. I'm meeting up with her later, BUT I'm doing so in a way that is t sacrificing my needs. I'm practicing first, then going and working on stuff with her. I feel disillusioned about it all. There's a darkness though, a pain. Most of this feels more platonic, but I'm questioning my intentions.

Okay focus, lesson plan. What did we go over last time? This is really one of the biggest improvements I need to make. The continuity. I wish I had some sort of tool for this, like planning it out better. I've been fantasizing about that a lot more recently. Just some tool to like better visualize progress towards a goal. Something I can share with the student too. Should we be able to do aeolian mode? I really need to make sure I'm fucking documenting what I do during practices. And what homework I assign. It's making this planning so much harder. What is a good exercise I can come up with for training improvised melodies?
- Prototype in notion? 
- Actual assignment submissions?

You know, this time is different. I didn't sacrifice my space or safety for her. I established the boundary for what I wanted to get done and I'm not solely doing this for her. It's really addicting have someone believe God sent you to save them.

She called out sick she's dying it's you it's all your fault you hurt her you harmed her all those fucking cunts don't appreciate you she's not coming in because of you because you had to go and take care of yourself you feel unsafe she's beckoning for you you turn your phone back on and all you'll see is how much you disappointed her you're unsafe you're unsafe you're unsafe you're the reason she wants to hurt herself you gave her the only beacon of hope and when she needed it the most you took It away crash out crash out hurt yourself hurt her all you do is think about yourself she comes to you for help she asks for help and you do nothing you try to make safety for yourself when she needs you you protect yourself is this what you always do or is this the first time trying to fix yourself should you be there for her or are you always there for her what the fuck do I do here

How much of my emotion is dictated by hers right now

I think it's this harmful notion that having feelings = have to date. Like the concept that if I came to her with my feelings, I'd either have to commit or we'd still be caught in this dance of knowing but doing nothing about it. Like somehow the awareness would make it worse than hiding it. Because if she knew, she could abuse it. At least this way, I have some control over the pain. And through all of this I'm just struggling to reclaim any semblance of safety. 

Im trying to understand it better. Being in airplane mode, I feel like I have this forcefield around me right now where I get to reclaim my space my ignoring all the noise for minute. I want to have this peace and security even when people are clawing at me. I wish I could disappear for a week. Or a month.

I don't understand the obsession. Like I understand that the obsession comes from a reliance on source(s) of dopamine that I keep hitting to make the pain go away, but I don't understand what the sources are. 
- I need her to obsess over me because obsession is all I've ever known. It's all love has ever been. I need it in a way that she's repulsed by the attention of anyone else, strong in her desire for me
- I want the pain to go away. I'm tired of the pain=pleasure motive that's driven me so far. All it's done is hurt me.
- I need to be able to communicate what I'm feeling and allow that to establish boundaries with her that keep me from staying in this pain
- I want an idealized version of her which maintains that child-like enthusiasm but takes away all the pain she currently inflicts on me. I want to feel safe to be with her

Too concerned with her loving me to ask if I love her

I don't want to turn off airplane mode. I feel so much safer here. Not having to communicate with anyone. Not having access to ChatGPT. It's like...peace is in this vacuum. The idea that I might have to see her today brings me dread. It threatens my safety and peace. It's like in growing more social, I've become a slave to everyone else, and I can't handle the pressure. It's the exact thing I worried about when I started down this path of the journey. It was easier to feel safe when no one was here, when I wasn't a leader, when all I had to do was feel small, take care of myself, and be grateful for the breadcrumbs people threw at me. But I'm struggling to find balance.

In order to survive I turned pain into pleasure. How do I separate the two?

I feel safe right now. Hanging out with mom and dad, watching baseball. Creating a large enough of a wall that people can't enter. I need more of this. More simple things that I can do to limit the attention other people get from me. Limit periods of obsession.

I wonder how much of the obsession comes from that time Vivian almost committed suicide, and the times she cheated on me? All these times where I had to hide what I felt to get what I wanted. At what cost? I was stepped all over! Like hiding how I felt about the cheating to get her back. It's what my mom taught me. Hiding how I felt about Paul. Hiding about Kyle & Cain (the first time) until something actually happened and I exploded. Hiding about Madison. Adrian. Clay. The rehab guy. Jess. Haley. Ichi. Angelo. Morgan. The list goes on of people I've had to hide the truth from, hide my feelings from, for what? 

I just want to feel safe with Her. I don't with her though.

Look Brandi, I wish I had one reason, but there's many. The main thing about it is...I don't feel safe with you. You have a lot of people in your life who want you, and I think you entertain them. I think you like their attention. Like the slave guy, or Portland, or Jonah...I'm not shaming you, I've definitely done the same thing. But to tell the truth, it hurts when you do that. I'm generally a secure guy. I don't really mind flirting here and there, I don't mind someone wanting you, but I think you do a lot of things to like beg that kind of attention out. It's just something that makes me feel uncomfortable and I don't really feel like I'd be safe, seen, or taken care of being in a relationship with that much pressure. _Feeling like if I made one wrong move, you could easily just find one guy in that line to take my place. _ I've experienced that too frequently to be comfortable with and all I have to show for that is a paranoia and obsession with details. I'm not even saying this as a standpoint of you would do a something like that, but more from a place that I've been cheated on a lot, I've been in many situations where the person I was with constantly had one foot in one foot out the door, and all I've ever learned from that is that it's dangerous and it's non-commital and it's too high stakes for me to feel comfortable. I'm not saying you do it on purpose or anything like that, but it's definitely there and I really don't want to be in the middle of all that. I'd rather wait for someone that doesn't have or even want that kind of attention than be with someone who entertains it. 

Can I begin to imagine, what does it feel like to feel safe within myself, wholly? And what does it feel like to be with someone I feel safe around? Can I accept myself as being worthy of that?

# 06-11-2025

Part of my niche is outcasts

I grossly over exaggerated my role in this group. These people WANT to camp and WANT to help and I've never really experienced this...it's so powerful seeing EVERYONE pitch in. All I had to do was make a skeleton

I'm afraid that by ignoring her I'm inflicting the same pain that Haley gave me. The same obsession and avoidance.

I don't feel like I'm losing focus/motivation/anything so much as I'm gaining awareness at the limitations of doing all this alone.

Why is planning this trip so stressful for me? Because she's involved? Or the trauma of camping? It's hard to trust my judgement because in the past many people have rejected me for it.

Do your best with practicing now with what you know. Right now I'm pushing for more challenging problems because I feel like the fact that I'm not really focused means I'm not really challenged (it's also because I'm tired but still). So I keep pushing accent tempos for this reason.

I don't have to respond to her. Just because she's hurting doesn't mean I have to save her. She needs to learn how to save herself. Well what if she leaves the store because of it? What if she gets suicidal? What if she kills herself? What if she harms herself because you don't love her? What happens when you aren't there for her? When she goes home crying? It's all your fault. You can't regulate and you can't regulate her. You have to save her. Have to control her. She need you right now. But if you get close, she'll drag you right down with her. You don't have to change her mind. How would you respond if anyone else texted you like this? When Josh and Andy are texting about positive things, why is she the one you respond to? Why the pain? Because if I don't, she brings more pain. But even when I do, she brings more pain. So it's a lose lose. If I ignore her, she buries her problems in someone else or she resents me. If I answer, she takes it out on me. I don't know what to do here.

What are all the things I'm afraid of here? Going down the same path I did with Haley. Becoming that person again. Her hurting herself and blaming me. Her resenting me. Her relapsing. Becoming the only one she can depend on. Feeling like my options are constantly between betraying myself and betraying her. That maybe she is exactly like Haley, and I've befriended a monster. Everything she could say to me. How I would react. Going into a blind rage against her. Yelling at her. Fighting her. Hurting her. Losing myself once again to someone who cares about no one but themselves. Falling for her. The pain she would put me through. Her. The negativity she would bring into my life. The depression she put me through. Getting fat again. Not being able to leave again. Losing all my friends again.

She's hurting I have to save her take her pain away or she'll hurt me with it take it out on me. Why? After re-centering, why does her pain hurt me? It's like she's taking it out? Or at least I'm interpreting it that way?

I handled Amanda's lesson breakdown really well, but it also goes to show that she's exactly the kind of person I think I can help.

It's not my responsibility to save her. I see her falling and all I want to do is jump in. But I keep asking myself: what if I don't this time? What if I let myself learn this time? What if I allow her pain to push me away like it should? What if I don't owe her a response? There's trauma from Haley there. It's like the instance I was gone, she instantly reverted back to the walls. I have to go through it all again to bring her out of it

Maybe it's not her. Maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm the only one who has the walls up? Like what I noticed this time, and the time before, was how big my walls were. I went in on the defense and it took time to lighten up. Like I was bracing for the pain, which ended up making it so much worse. Why? I remember like when we would get together, there was a pain immediately evident in her too. Like from what I wrote too and even remember from us hanging out other times, it almost felt like she was trying to upset me. Sometimes it felt twisted, and it's like I wonder what she was actually feeling, like if it was one sided. It's like she's antagonizing at first, but once you move past it it's all just like fun. I know part of it is my fault, she came in at a distance and I came in with walls. It's weird. It's like once we got past those walls, the whole vibe changed. She stopped talking about this other guy. She laughed more and seemed more joyful. And it was the same with me. She stopped trying to hurt me. I remember whenever we first started hanging out, the same thing would happen. Not that she brought up other guys, but she had this "joy" that I was resistant to. I think the resistance came from this place where I didn't believe it? There was this sincerity in her voice of like...idk it felt like a voice that comes from genuineness. I'm trying to understand why I always feel endangered when she talks like that though. It feels like she's saying everything she thinks she's supposed to say, but maybe her body language feels off? Or maybe I just disagree with her? I'm not really sure at all what it is.

Was I being manipulative, or influential? 

This is actually a really good opportunity to observe the effects of the high. Like I still feel this...energy(?) present. Some emotion in my chest. I'm almost expecting it to transmute into attachment pain later on or obsession. I'm starting to see those as the same honestly, the obsession being a symptom of the pain. The pleasure being a way to survive it, which ends up perpetuating it. My objective today is wholly grounding myself. Centering myself. Not to force myself into motion, but to start remembering that I'm safe without her. That it's possible to miss her from a place of love instead of fear. To remind myself she doesn't run my life, I am safe with her safe without her.

I don't want to change Her so much as be a good influence on Her growth.

Caffeine numbs the pain I started seeing.

I can "flirt" with all the married women I want, but only as long as I can accept the consequences of the action. That's acceptance. Understanding that the consequences are part of the action and understanding how it impacts the world we live in.

Return to yourself. Be social. Don't do anything for her, do it for Her. For Him.

The high is starting to wear off and I feel some pain. Trying to stay centered. Need to work on things like getting this camping trip.

Why was it so painful when she talked about him? What did I get during masturbation last night that wasn't real?

We ended up hanging out for the rest of the night. We got Chick-fil-A and went over to her house and watched funny videos on the floor, and she ended up like almost kind of snuggling up with me and I'm struggling to reenter on myself at this point because it was likeI don't know. I felt like I was inches away from making some kind of move not like towards sex or anything, but just something where we got closer and connected more and it's hard to understand what I'm feeling right now it's really hard to understand it like I'm trying to look at it, but I feel like it's a mixture of exhaustion and also just like a high. Like I wanna be happy about the time I had like feeling a freedom from the pain, but I guess I don't trust it like cause I know that I don't want this relationship but right now I feel like gravity is like pulling me into it and I'm struggling to stay awake cause like even today it was like to cry for help is what pulled me inand like I don't know I'm struggling to feel safe. I'm struggling to reenter myself because this isn't what I need to be prioritizing right now and it's like do I just go with it do I go with it when there's only pain at the end of this rainbow I don't know I don't know what to do. It's like all I wanna do is let it go like let go of it. Reset myself and get away from it because it's just a distraction. It's getting me away from what I'm trying to do and maybe it's true. Maybe it's just the resistance you know like I can't tell if the energy drain comes from the actual thing or if it's the resistance to it but there's such pain there that I haven't dealt with and it's like something that I was saying there's a lot of truth to like there were a lot of moments tonight where I felt like genuinely connected to her just as a friend like we're able to have these deep conversations I was able to admire her beauty and live in the moment in the present with herand just enjoy it, but then there were other moments that we're just complete and utter pain like rubbing salt in a wound. We all I need to do is just accept that I enjoyed myself. I had a good time and let it go from there.

Tonight felt like a weird closure. Like after moving past all the pain, the glamour was gone. For once I could communicate with her, in many roundabout ways, all I'd been feeling. I didn't have to hide anymore. It's like there's no actual feelings. There was genuine admiration for her beauty that I was transparent about. It started to feel like all there ever was was rooted in suffering. Like everything about the beginning of our interaction was just pain pain pain and the obsession was just getting it to stop. After moving through it all, I feel light. Like I had a great conversation with a friend

# 06-12-2025

I did something incredible today. I talked to mom about it. I still feel pain and obsession, but at least I'm not alone anymore. Someone knows and that's a start. Now I'm afraid to hang out with her because I feel like she's just going to try to hurt me

Hung out with her for 5 hours today. It's been happening more frequently. It's in a weird place now. I can't tell what the dynamic is anymore. We got really in depth with like our sex lives and relationships and vulnerability and stuff like that. But I felt very numb through it all. Probably from not eating or drinking any water. Idk. She brought up him, and there was some pain, but it wasn't overwhelming like normal. Idk I feel like there's a lot to observe that I'm not getting into. Centering on myself has just been the biggest challenge of it all. Not obsessing. Maybe I need to just let tonight go.

Sometimes it just feels like I'm mirroring her emotions

Her texting about plans terrifies me in the sense she could bail

Am I cleaning for her out of love or fear? If she didn't thank me, would I feel good about what I've done? Best way to not do it for her, don't tell her you did it. Do it for everyone. 

She didn't acknowledge any of it. I'm also not saying it and trying to acknowledge myself.

I woke up with so much pain this morning. So much longing for her dreaming of her desire for her. I keep saying to myself: maybe I can just push it further. If I can just get a little more, I'll be happy. A little closer. Snuggle more. Share more. Make out with her. Have sex with her. Yet I know this goes poorly real quick. It's like there's this knot in my brain that keeps getting more entangled. The world I wish I could have is one where we can have that intimacy without it meaning anything more. Where we could do all those things without there being any pain. But I don't know how possible that is. The pain is still incredibly high, which makes me feel like there's still a lot of work left to be done. I know that right now, what I'm experiencing is the come down from the high. I'm starting to stay mindful of that. But it's hard when the easiest solution is another hit, no matter how painful she makes it. I feel it it in my gut and my head. There's so little clarity. It's like all my mind is tasked with right now is trying to make it work when I don't even want it. I'm so confused here. I mean obviously some part of me does, but I don't understand what part that is or why. None of the fantasies fully match reality. Part of the problem I think is the fantasies and expectations. How do I get past this? Like now I know the obsession is directly caused by the pain. I know that pleasure is in the pain to an extent (as a coping strategy). But how do I not have these things? How do I fucking commit to saying no here?

It's not just the pain of attachment, it's also the insecurity of having her choose someone else over me. Having my career still feel so childish. That's what it's been the past couple days that's made it hard to want to practice too. I keep thinking like maybe she would choose me if I was in a better career path. Or like...it would be so fucking painful to see her move on with life before me. To move away. To find happiness and something more grown up. I feel defeated. I have to see her today and I want to bring my walls down, but I feel so much pain. I just want her to hold me, but I know she's going to come in and try to hurt me again. I feel it in my back now. Behind my heart. Not as much in my neck as before. I just want to feel safe, to recenter, but everything about doing that feels impossible right now. I feel so ashamed. I want to understand it more. It's like I only get the high when she's around and the come down is so painful.

I wish there was a reality where I didn't feel this attachment. Where I could cuddle with anyone. Snuggle with anyone. Experience that level of trust and intimacy and affection with anyone, without there being consequences. Or at least just having someone I trust with in that way. I don't know how to survive the withdrawal here. It feels so painful.

At some point during work, it was like a mega rush. I felt so much pain. Then it was like all the sudden, something in me just decided to say "fuck it," completely let go of it all, and pick up the vibe. And it was like...I was finally able to just forget about her. I felt amazing. I felt like myself again. Like I alone had control of the vibe. By changing my vibe, I noticed everyone else tuned in. It felt magical. Like when I started working here. 

I keep trying to understand more of when journaling works and when ChatGPT works. I think my understanding now is like ChatGPT is good at solutions, but I never go to ChatGPT to feel heard. I don't approach it mindfully, I really go mindless and expect it to solve anything. Even when I'm preparing a text for ChatGPT, I almost go mindlessly into it, not looking for solutions within myself. It feels like when I'm writing to understand, I actually begin to understand the problem better and the nuances. It's not just ChatGPT, like sometimes I feel like that when talking to people. 

The pains in my heart now. A little in my back. I really don't want to think about her anymore. But I also feel like there's more to learn. Like why am I so drawn into the closeness? The snuggling? Is it a scarcity thing? I feel in danger when she's around now. It doesn't feel like love in the way it used to. Maybe I should stop saying it then? I can't tell if it's not there or if the pain is overwhelming it.

I have career insecurities again as a result of her.

# 06-13-2025

I think the performative part is huge. Even now going into tonight, I don't feel like I'm allowing whatever happens to happen. Whatever connections happen to happen. I'm looking for moments to force it. But what happens when I just accept and allow it without making anything?

Do I guide it toward the negative? The darkness?

I feel like there's so much I need to write about. There's something so painful about her now. It's not just her, but everyone of my exes I had this same issue with. It's like after a night of intimacy or just spending time together, there's this deep fucking dread of having to see them again. Having to perform for them. Like I can't exactly explain what it is, but it's like the night after or the day after hanging out there's just this feeling of like disgust and repulsion. any time I'm around them you know like I just thought about her while masturbating and I keep still getting that fantasy of her tying me up. It's like after it was over. I just felt dark like I regretted it like I was betraying myself somehow and even now it feels like I'm somehow betraying myself. It's like every time I get the obsession. It feels like I'm betraying myself. It feels like cheating. Everything feels so dark about it all. I wish I had time to just sit and journal. Understand it all better.

I felt it in my lower back and my gut. Like I was in danger. I remember it after a night with Jess. Or really any time with any of them. Like I'd been horribly drained of all my energy. I was always thought it was social anxiety, but I think it's something much more niche. But something about that darkness is still so...pleasing. It's almost like idk. I don't want to see her. I don't want to be near her. I feel violated. I feel way too dark. I feel like I just watched Euphoria or played cyberpunk and it makes me feel disgusting. Shameful. Like I've heard something I was never meant to hear.

I wonder how much of that energy drain is connected to the performative nature of it all. Like since it's a win-or-die competition for me against someone else...it's like I'm c

I wonder how much sleeplessness and lack of self care (in trying to identify with them) contributes to my relationship pains. Because today, I'm feeling that same like inner pain that's usually persistent throughout the relationship. A sleeplessness.

She's emotionally unavailable. She doesn't ask about your problems so much as wants to talk about hers. I don't have much else I learn from her 

Am I creating excuses to villainize her?

I am behaving in a way that attempts to win her. I feel bad about it, but it's there. When I honestly look at my behaviors last night, I was interested in hearing everything, but my body language was carefully chosen. Manipulative. Words were still chosen to inject doubt into her relationship with Will. Like over-exaggerating his eagerness. I want her. To win her affection. I don't know why, but it's the same exact circumstances as with Haley and Clay. Jess and Ichi.

I don't want to see her at all today. It's making me so anxious

Hey Brandi, can we talk about something real quick? I wanted to tell you that I have feelings for you. I've had them for a long time, but I feel like with the way that we've been recently they've become something that I can't sit alone with anymore. I don't have any expectations or intentions for what you should do with this. My only fear in telling you this has been that it would make you uncomfortable or distance us. I also didn't want to get between what you were building with will, and I'm sorry if this complicates things for you. If I'm being totally honest, I've kept it inside for so long because I didn't want it to be true. I was antagonized by you for a long time. I've felt pain around you. But recently I've seen this different side to you, and I love that side.

Now that the pain is dulling, it's time to kick the obsession out. Only way to do it is to stop giving it the energy it needs to survive. Labeling it and re-centering every time we see it. No excuses. We can do this! When it is present, don't resist. OBSERVE. Time to start writing out all the letters I don't want to send her and understanding more of what I really want. Time to start taking care of myself better again so I have the energy to fight this particular battle on resistance. You can have her if you want her, but only when you don't need her and no sooner. Everything about it should be an invitation to something greater built on trust and mutual respect. If and when it becomes that, that's when you can commit.

Observe. Observe. Observe. Get back to the seat of consciousness. Do things for you. I want to tell her I like her, but as an invitation instead of an expectation, or instead of even needing something in return. As something casual. I am curious how things will evolve from here. Especially seeing how her present circumstances seems to be another repeat. Why does that particularly bring up pain?

All I want to do is be able to say it in a way that's jarringly confident. In a way that shows I'm unattached to the outcome, I'm purely doing this for myself with no expectations on her. And I think the best way to do that...is to genuinely feel that way. How do I get there?

# 06-14-2025

Coffee tasting like a wine tasting experience #ideas #business

There's just so many unmet expectations with her. I feel

She's going to someone else for comfort or rants. I can't have that. It's a threat. I feel threatened. Part of me keeps trying to eavesdrop. One eye is always on them. Trying to zone in. She's allowed to have other friends. She's allowed to have deep conversations with other people. That's what I'm encouraging anyways. I'm allowed to feel scared about it, especially with my attacgment issues. Learning how to do this is going to be so important for my relationships

Things get easier when I stop trying to perform for her. It feels like this is what naturally happens in relationships too. Things relax past the performative stage and all I'm left with is this person I don't enjoy being around. The detachment is starting to feel real. I feel safer when she isn't here. Sometimes I intentionally isolate myself for her attention. Part of it isn't even the detachment. It's like...resisting her? Like overcorrection I guess. I'm starting to act more normal, and because of the attention and obsession I'd given her previously, it creates withdrawals. And I feel bad that I'm hurting her. But I also don't want her hurting me. Sometimes I let her hurt me to control her.

I really hope if nothing else, this camping trip disillusions her for you. Remember, she fell asleep when it was your turn. She expressed that deeper appreciation for the first time, but only after goading her when she talks about no one appreciates her. When do I stop holding it over her? When can I accept that I don't even want to be around her? That all I want is to win her affection? All I feel around her is pain and unappreciated. Even when the intimacy is there, it's fleeting and I won't acknowledge it. Maybe this is all in an effort to repair myself. Or maybe I already am repaired. I'm still watching her though. Maybe it's how tired I am

# 06-15-2025

It feels like there are unspoken expectations in our relationship. Like we're at a point where she wants my approval. Craves it even. Maybe that's what I want. But I feel like a big reason I keep sliding is because I focus so much on her experience. What she thinks and feeels. It's intoxicating. Why? How much am I responsible for the dynamic? Like do I create relationships where I feel unheard for similar reasons to trying to prove myself to them? Like this weekend, there were so many opportunities where I like tried to do Brandi's work for her. Tried to prove myself by starting the fire, fixing the tent, cooking, planning and leading the trip, etc. it feels like I hold out my emotional side of it? Like I expect her to be a brat or child I have to protect. A child I need to control. The way my dad controlled me. So is the energy drain from the performative aspect? Is the pain she brings me (via promiscuous nature) part of the pleasure? Is the anxieti get a recreation of my dads growing up? What exactly do I turn her into?

It's like I imagine this person she wants to be with, and I become that person. But it's always a performance. I especially noticed it this last Thursday hang out and the day after. I remember the whole time we were hanging out having a hard time focusing on anything except her. During the movie, I was trying to somehow manipulate the situation into having more physical contact. During our conversation, it was  deeply touching her and learning about her without even really talking about myself. Every one of our conversations recently has been that. That night, I fantasized about her raping me in the same way she'd been raped. Then the day after, it was like I'd been mentally raped. I dreaded seeing her. I was tired of performing and taking on her emotions. That's all it's felt like recently, the performance. I was repulsed by the thought of her. 

It's like I've created the mental model of her being this child I have to protect instead of love. And I create some expectations for who that person is. Who he's supposed to be for her. How he treats her. How he shows up for her. How he keeps her from the world. And so it feels like the only way to really move past this portion is to understand what these expectations are, ie who I think she wants me to be, that I put on myself and how to let go of them. Understand how they're rooted in my parents, my exs, and the premature rupture. And then delve deeper into what resistances I face in showing up fully as myself, taking risks (like snuggling) in a way that doesn't betray myself, and how to cleanse myself of any other attachment issues which may present themselves.

I want to send this song to her. Or most songs I listen to. It's like...once we get past all the performative parts, there are a lot of actions I want to take that would actually grow us closer. Not necessarily as partners, but as loving friends. It's something I would want to do with more people independent of her, but I feel it would grow us closer too. Like sending videos to people, but with my love language.

I also want to get past showing mixed signals. Like if I can move past all the manipulation, influence, and performative aspects, then I'll be do much happier. And also acknowledge in what ways I created a safer environment for myself this time

How many coping techniques have I developed in response to pain? These all seem to be my biggest inhibitions and enemies to regulation.
- Disassociate 
- Obsess
- Identify with them and harmfully empathize 
- Poor eating
Where do they all stem? 

I constantly want to use attention as a punishment. It even seems it as such a negative thing. Like me giving attention as repulsive, and withholding it as a way to harm them if I'm feeling any pain connected to them. I wonder if that attracts anxious people? I think back to all the ex back stuff. I was looking for revenge with it all. I think that's the big difference here is I'm not looking for revenge so much as re center. There as an element of genuine protection. But it's connected to an intention to inflict harm on someone I know (or fantasize about) craving my attention. There's some part of me that hopes these two weeks without me physically hurts her 

Why am I so mad at or afraid of her? I keep going back to the attention thing. It's such a weapon to me, yet harmful when I give it to people in my head. Like it's this scarcity that I abuse and use as a tool for manipulation. Why? Especially in texts and distancing myself. Like I don't just give attention when I'm thinking of someone. I don't send things to people. I'm afraid they'll reject/abandon me for the attention I give them. See it as overbearing instead of intimate. Then I withhold it when I want to hurt them. It's interesting and I really need to look into this.

I still don't exactly feel safe. Even her "excitement" terrifies me. There was a text where she said "yay(:" and I feel scared when I see it. I feel scared when I see her name appear on my phone.

What if I stopped using obsession as an excuse not to feel the pain? I hat if I stopped trying to solve it? In what ways do I make myself feel unsafe? In what ways do I create sensation me of longing, isolation, and not being heard?

