# 02-09-2026

I think my limitation on curiosity before was based on guiding the conversation to steer away from my insecurities and talking about myself. I find I'm more curious now that I'm not trying to prove myself or my intelligence. I'm just looking to explore with people. So it feels like I'm finally able to confront the discomfort that lays at the threshold of deeper relationships with everyone 

Found myself also actually interested in the Super Bowl game and gambling today, and Olympics yesterday. It's nice participating in this way with my family, especially my dad.

Honestly, seeing pretty much any woman puts me over the edge right now. I've felt so fucking horny today

Samba mom is back. I think it's the same outfit: hair up in a clip, white sweater, black pants, black socks, and the white sambas with red stripes. I'm realizing that (in a manner akin to meditation) it's a distraction I'm holding onto. Almost as if she is a danger to me. She's occupying mental space which could be freed up for presence. In other words, the obsession with her and focus on her, rooted in desire, takes up mental bandwidth that could've focused on living presently. Every follicle of attention given to her could be directed instead to living right here and right now, the only place that something could actually be done about it. There's no masturbating to her. Or fantasizing. And the obsession/fixation is the exact thing that makes it impossible to approach people like her. It's the exact thing that perpetuates my addiction. I have to let her go. I WANT to let her go.

The part of me that stays obsessed wants her attention, yet continues to feed off her ignorance. I can't admire her beauty, I want to own her. Do whatever I want to her. And her thank me for it. It's not belonging, it's possession. It's not love, it's obsession.

It takes almost all my willpower to resist. Like last night, I kept falling in the loop.

What is it I'm actually afraid of with her?
- that I'll act inappropriate, get on my hands and knees and crawl on the floor to lick the bottoms of her shoes, that she could want that too
- Other people finding out my attraction to her
- Her finding out and ruining the fantasy
- Trying and failing, approaching her to talk and not being able to sit with the discomfort or make adequate conversation 
- That I won't win her
- That she'll bring my fantasy to life and torture me for pleasure
- Thatshe won't notice me and I'll die, she won't pay attention to me
- That I have nothing to offer her
- I see her and see someone too good for me. Someone prideful who knows they're too good for me. Someone that will dismiss me knowing their own importance and finding no value in me. It cuts deeper than the surface qualities of being a barista and a musician. I fear that I need her attention and affirmation to be worth anything and that I'm nothing without her
I felt fear and terror up until she left, made eye contact and said goodbye to her. If that's the case with all women, it's no wonder I'd always felt so scared or intimidated by approaching them. There's gotta be something deeper to understand here. What is it?

I feel like the more I look around, the more the fear and attachment exists around all attractive women. When I go into a room that's full of them, I feel an overload of danger. Even right now, I'm trying to come down, but all of the thoughts coming up surround her and what I want her to do to me.

Like I understand there's no away around it. I have to feel it and live through it, but I would give anything right now to bend her over and cum inside herself. It feels like I'm resisting some aspect of it though and that's where I feel confused. Like underneath there's something else

But I feel like I have to start asking myself why I hold myself to this state. It's not a high energy, in fact I think it sits at a level of shame. Seemingly the only way to get these things is to let them go from the mind, surrender them. It's holding onto that horny energy that makes it impossible to actually get anything

I guess at this point I just want to understand what it is I'm so afraid of. It's a guttural feeling. Like a sheer terror that I need to monitor.
- Abandonment?
- My own insignificance?
Whatever it is keeps me focused on myself, and I can feel the depths of the energy it drains in both my back and gut.

It now feels like this intense burden I have to carry. Not constantly, but today for sure. I understand it as a wave but feel powerless to its intensity and find myself flirting more with people I feel like I could get it from (Brandi mainly). I feel like the abstinence is something I need to abide to in totality though, because otherwise I feel like it just turns from masturbation addiction to sex addiction. When I get into this mindset, I feel disconnected from the world again.

# 02-10-2026

This weeks album
https://open.spotify.com/album/4dVxw6XZSGtjpU0gwgu0J5?si=ksfDZBvMRbmwhdy-xf0YIQ

It's only in lacking that I feel the suffering. Things like poor rest, poor diet, and an unreliability of these things causes me to look at the world selfishly and defensively. Seeking to serve myself and myself alone. Once those are taken care of, I have a much brighter look on life and connection because I'm not worried about my needs

The sell is the part I resist now. More leads are coming in (potentially Cade now) but my ability to take that to conversion is lacking. Can be said almost every where because it's this same weakness that makes it hard to guide music, or or elevate romance. Overall it's just a lack of control or understanding of the energy around me and not understanding how the things I do alter that. There's especially little understanding on how to approach this with intention

Sitting in the recording session, I think it goes beyond just selling. It's a willingness to be a part of the energy of the world. Like now that I'm not struggling for connection, I see

# 02-12-2026

I get playing while counting now. For one, it's als about increased bandwidth. But it's also about internalizing time to a degree that you're always conscious of where the pulse is supposed to be. So if you're playing a triplet that lands on the beat at the last note (as is common in jazz) it's about knowing and internalizing where all those other notes are to land. And in addition, it's about internalizing the groove and time (along with what's being played) enough for those things to become secondary to the language and the story. To stop thinking about time and notes and instead get to a point where you're just playing emotion. I think that's why playing a groove (especially modifications on it) is so important to get consistent, because each modifier is like exploring and becoming consistent with an extension of the core, so that when playing live, whatever the mind wants to manifest will come in the exact right time

I get confused with conversations now. Maybe it's just some place I'm not forcing things anymore? Idk. I think the old way of conversing was loaded with what people's problems are. Now, I really have no concern for that. I can't tell if it's a defense mechanism or if there really isn't need for it. Like Mimza and Brandi were having an issue about their personal lives, and idk, it sounded really dramatic. Like there's some situation going on. I didn't want any part of it. I think i used to jump in and take on their problems and try and help and etc. but now, i just don't care. It feels like unnecessary drama. I can't tell if ive grown away from drama, or if im just avoiding it. Because it feels like with healthier people or more connected people, it doesn't really come up. Conversation is just kinda natural and it's not about trying to solve things constantly. It's just lighter and more centered on appreciation or the good in life. But it makes me wonder if I'm not also just limiting myself in a way? Idk

# 02-13-2026

I think the older I get, the less I want to be the hype man. It almost feels like the hype guy is a performative beacon that attracts negative people that feed off that energy. But what's replacing it hasn't exactly crystallized.

Afraid to want and be seen wanting.

Casual til 3 (probably walk Mu around 230)
Practice 3-5
Run 5-6

# 02-14-2026

It's been a bittersweet morning. I think the addiction to ChatGPT is creating pains again, because I've spent the past couple days in this haze of anxiety. Part of it feels like directionless? I'm still insecurity at its core. But also misalignment.

But first: I've been so fucking brave recently. I went out with Russ and his friends last night and we played some great games. Then today, I showed up at the run club. Met up with Mayor and Danny, then we merged with a group of 8 PEOPLE. Holy shit. And we all became friends by the end of the 9 miles! One of the guys minored in jazz studies, and I spent a while talking with him about music. It was great. There's a really cute girl in the group too, getting her PhD. They're all GT grad students. Afterwards, they invited me into a WhatsApp groups and want to keep up with me (and vice versa). It's incredible how much community grows by just showing up. Being natural.

Being around these people makes me want a better life. It's nice feeling this kind of support from them.

I still feel weird though. Like I'm trying too hard to understand the dynamics of conversation, and meanwhile I'm doing so in a way that doesn't feel totally aligned. I find myself asking "who am I in this moment" or "what's my dynamic in this group" which feel like the wrong thing to be asking. In some ways it feels like by fitting in, I'm abandoning my own morals and positioning. It feels like I used to be a lot more curious and supportive, but now I just feel numb. Like I don't even care. But I think it also comes out as projection, because I hate talking about myself. I'm afraid to talk about what I do, even with people who have no suggestive nature in mind. I imagine people not caring, or worse arguing on it. And I feel insecure. It feels like at any point I could be cast out, and made to be the loner again. Like I face a constant instability 

It feels like this in some way connects to withdrawals and also rest. Like I feel numb for the most part. Not really drawn to masturbating. I look at women's feet out of habit but there's no stimulus. But I'm averting my gaze, trying not to be weird or creepy with women again. Or really with anyone. I feel insignificant in a way I haven't felt since i was masturbating. Like I'm driven towards being small again and have lost the bold edge. And in joining new groups, I keep looking for ways to shapeshift into something. Become a missing part or a leader or somehow find a way to become significant to the people so I can feel secure again. Indispensable. I'm so used to being the one that everyone loves, which means something completely different for every group, and now I'm lost trying to figure out what that means for the three different communities I've now become a part of. All the while, what I really want is just to be myself. And I haven't even really been listening lately.

And I think while all this is happening, the addictions are trying to find new outlets. Like reckless spending and desires that can only be satiated by overextending my resources either through overeating, overspending. Everything else comes from constantly trying to manage other peoples image of me, having it live up to the lofty goals I want to set for myself without being seen in the interim

I'm thinking way too much about something that hasn't even crossed your mind #lyrics

Two new articles:
- Eat the Grape
- How long can you tolerate a cold shower?

I feel like most the time when I ask myself what it is I need, it's invariably rest. Like that feeling of tension in my spine is a note of either integration or recalibration. I'd really like to spend the rest of the day practicing, resting, then checking in with myself and relaxing.

Part of rehearsal anxiety comes from the way rehearsals used to be run

A lot of the anxieties right now are these fears in having my own voice. Feeling like speaking up about things I notice rather than just going with the flow. Not letting confusion be a barrier

Continuing from my journal. I think the part that got activated when talking to mimza was the superiority complex. I saw in her everything I was, and I guess everything I still am. Especially though the parts I was ashamed of, buecause she's still in this period of her artistic development where everything that matters is viewer counts and enagemetns and what ever the fuck else. TAlking to my mom was the same except she came from a place of concern and I felt like I had to defence mysefl. I fell like I had something genuine to talk about here bu I think it's getting lost somewhere. It's been stuck in my head.

Like I started this route because it's what I wanted to do. And I loved it. But I also did it because I thought everyone everywhere else was miserable. But going to the run club...idk. I don't see he full stories, but I connect with pepole there. I used to think music was the only place I could connect, but here I am at multiple different groups engaging with different people. And I think it creates theis major discrepansy in my head because I thought that all these people were miserable. That by following my dreams i would be happy. That I was evading the discourse of capitalism by doing things a different way. But all I've learned so far (not all i learned byt something) is that this way is so much fucking harder. Like these grad school students...i remember what it was like to be them. And if I had had them aroundt during my studies, I don't think I wouldn' dropped out. It makes me regret the past. I mean, like idk. It's easy to look back and wished Id done things differently, but I do feel a slight envy. I try to have the grace of i did the best with what I knew at the time, which is the truth. 

I'm really having a hard time articulating this thought. It's like...I feel stuck. I feel like I've made such huge changes at the start of the year and I'm at a point where things are kind of settling and what used to feel like proress anow feels like limitation. Like I'm not masturbating, yet I'm still having the problems I had when I began masturbating. Maybe it's just the numbness, idk. And like now that I've been off social media for a while, I'm tempted to get back on just for new connections, new people. But I know it's just this fucking trap.

I still can't really articulate it. 

I thought that by doing music, I'd be happier. Things would be easier. Like even if shit got difficult, I had the pursuit of a dream to pull me through. But 2.5 years in and I'm still living at home on Valentines Day alone. And the superiority of chasing my dreams falls short when I realize other people are growing too and that chasing dreams is not what made them happy. 

Still not it.

I thought it would happen sooner, easier, adn with less ambiguity. I believed I was special for being brave enough to try and tenacious enough to perservere. I thought I was special. I bet on that. I bet on the idea that what I would see in the future was a vision from God meant to be fulfilled by me and me alone. I believed that there was someone perfect out there for me, someone who fit every nook and cranny and complemented me in the best ways. I believed that good looks were part of the package and effortlessness came alongside. I believed that if you just showed up and gave it your all and tried to look the best doing it, that you'd be rewarded. That it would get easier and easier until you didn't think aobut it. I believed I was destined for something, that I was going to change the world as a drummer, and the whole world would open up and welcome me. That I was a messiah, a God. And that everyone wanted a part of that. That they wanted to be included somewhere in the story. That I could walk in the room and people would immediately be attracted to and turned on by my aura. That if I worked on myself enough, I wouldn't have to do any of the work of attracting in the right people and opportunities.

But today, I feel hopeless. I feel abandoned. I feel like where I was believed in something, I now feel empty. It feels like there's an imbalance between the value I provide the world and what I want back for it, and that difference is driving me insane. Beause I've been conditioned into insecutiry, first by my parents and then people at my school. In joining all these new social gruops I feel so drained tringt to perform genuinness. I come from having to hide so much and shapeshift into every group to be the center of attention so much that I've lost all sense of self, and now that life is demanding me to be strong, know myself, and have grace in conversation i feel like a failure. I can't talk to people. I hate talkinga bout what I do because it fills me with so much anxiety. I feel like i have to defend it as if i was sacrificing babies for a living. even when i belive in the beauty of music it feels like my responsibility to convince others and make them understand how my life works. it holes me up because i would rather sit allone in a basement by myself than pretend to be happy just so you stop questioning me and asking why i dont do something else. i hate you for that. it makes me miserable trying to appease you. even now i wish i was practicing in stead of resting or sleeping or trying to type it up because every second i spend grinding away is one that gets me closer to some form of security because now my life and my blood depend on being able to perform and it drains me so much.

I feel hopeless today and I want to die. And I still can't even fucking articulate it.

It feels like what's being asked of me now, now taht I'm building new friendships and trying to get good at that, is to look deeply at the thorns of my relationships and communicating with people I connect to. It's one of the most debilitating things I've ever gone through. Because it's forcing me to confront prejudices and the nature of my reality and form a new model which is deviated so far from where I am. Like I can't help but question conversation constantly  and noticing how fucking debilitating it is for me. like its a performance and at any time i could fail. When it's not that, it's opening up the woulnds of bullying that have been so fucking destrutuive that ive only felt welcome by a select few people. like when i think about having been a nerd and now pepopel knowing i was considered a nerd, like it makes sense. of the three groups of people ive been hanging out with, russ's friends are the ones ive felt the most natural around. and ya know, that bothers me. because...none of them seem aspirational or ambitious. theyre a bucnh of fucking nerds that sit around and play board games and are so fucking happy with their lives that they have such high self esteem and can act and say whatever they want. but at the jazz jams, at the run club, i feel so insecure. like no one wants me there or like i dont belong. i was never invited to eat at their table before, so why should i now? and being surrounded by those beautiful women, great runners, amazing musicians...it all just makes me feel like i have such a long way to go. and i wish i could fucking feel secure in my own skin enough to feel constent , to be the same person in any and every room i walk into. but i cant, or i wont, and the thought antagonized me. no one wants me, no one wants to be with me, no one wants me around, im a fucking musician who cant even afford to take his dog to the vet who is stuck again in his parents house who is cluttered both physically and mentall with shit he no longer needs anad im just fucking tired im fucking tired of it all im fucking tired of trying of being awake of giving it my all just to find out i was wrong all along im tired of growth im tird of growth i tired of growth im tired of ambition i ust want to give up i want to give up i want to crawl in to a hole and never come out or pack up all my hikking gear and live in the woods for the rest of my life because ill never make it as a genuine human being as a well adjusted person because theres something wrong with me theres something so fundamentally broken about me that ill never make it in life ill never be able to find a real job and become a real adult im forced to be stuck in my parents basement for the rest of my life because amy and steve fucked me up so much that i cant live i cant exist and thats all they talk about whenver they go out to eat they conspire to kick me out one day they dont care if i succeed they dont care what i feel they dont care about my dreams i see the specials my dad watches the fucking conspiracy shit he gets into those fuckin alcoholics theyre pieces of shit everyone is especially me because all i do is abuse the resoucres of those around me i dont care about helping people or being a part of something beause everyone is out ot get me everyone wants to hurt me theyre all so fucking evil theyre all so fucking evil theyre all so fucking evil theyre all so fucking evil and they wont stop until im dead they wont stop until ive hung myself by noose or belt or lashed myself into oblivigon they hate me so fucking much because Im better than them beause I can take takte take so remorselessly and yet i cant do shit because all i see inside of me is the same guy that struggle d in middle school im a glorified stunted middle schooler because I cant get laid i cant even talk to women i remember the first time freezing up and ever since them my flight or firght has kicked in and all ive done is freeze i couldnt even talk to caroline without feeling like a fucking creeper and im an idiot telling people im a musician then not even being able to talk passionately about music put on the perforomance of a fucking life time you creep i saw you stalking her staring at her ass but god if she would bend ofver for me so i dont have to make her shes my age and ripe for the fucking picking but shs isnt it she isnt the one because the ones doesnt exist its impossible and even if she did shes never going to e with me because im a glofified fucking middle schooler and i see you in there you shy little guy the way they bullied you over and over you were a nerd your were so happy they introduced it all to you and they took it all away they led you to believe you were attractive but no one  wanted you not even your parents thats why they invariably forgot about you constantly why you couldnt do anything and the only place that actually accepted you was music beause everywhere else you were just exactly what they wanted you to be you had to be the chameleon or you faced their wrath you faced their pain you faced their trauman and youve always had to fend for your fucking self even know you have to defend yousrself from the world by holding up the fucking marble statue
