# July: Gaining Inspiration

If there was one word that resembled this month, it would be dedication. It
started out with awakening The Muse, a diety which has become one of two
guides, the other being The Monk, which I follow. In their appearance, I began
creating a temple to worship them. The walls of my practice room were painted.
The distractions removed. All that is in there now is there with intention. 

Yet, a new problem began surfacing. Pride and anger, stress and fear, became
more present as I tried connecting with the world. I was used exclusion, so I
excluded myself by always dreaming of somewhere else, never taking care of
where I was.  I'd look for a different friend group, relationship, or room
instead of cleaning what I had. All this became apparent at the jazz jam,
Florence Cardigan show, and adventures into Atlanta, where I'd imagine dark
silhouettes guarding entry. I was hurt. All of these events revealed a thorn
that had been dormant. One that made me aware of how much I'd mirrored how
closed off my dad was to me and opened up a plethora of weight issues,
insecurities around people who are better than me, and a degrading pride I used
as a shield against those more successful than me. 

In all of this, I found escape in the temple They had helped me build. Each
day, I felt more dedicated than the last. Even just with painted walls, this
room became a safe space. I learned to appraoch each day, each practice, with
intention. I'd learned to pray to them before and after each practice. I'd
thank them for the dilligence they gave me. In doing so, I was constantly
rewarded with more dilligence. Watching the Bear reminded me what it could be
like to be surrounded by people better than me. Going to a jazz jam showed me
that inspiration comes from seeing what is possible. I hope to take these
lessons with me forever onward. 

## Achievements

1. Went to a jazz jam
2. 10 hour practices for 3 weeks in a row
3. Painted the back room

## Friction

I think the overwhelming issues I came across were driven by pride and this
thorn of disconnection. It was something that recurred frequently over the
course of the month. It's something that I think affects both my issues of
dealing with conflict meaningfully AND being magnetic. I can tell all of it's
rooted in the same place, and I feel like I need to dig deeper to uproot it

## Goals for next month

1. Fully habitualize the intentional approach in diet, money, practice, and routine. 
2. Have 5 students
3. Transcribe 5 songs in comping
