 picked up my guitar recently, trying to force myself into writing a happy song. It didn't work. I did the same thing with piano and at some point I also tried to write a happy poem. None of them ended up coming out happy.

I want to be crystal clear that I was in a good mood. I was feeling great. I was enjoying myself probably after a meditation, run our just hanging out with my dog for a while, but I couldn't for the life of me figure out why I didn't know how to write a happy sounding song…until I sat on the drums.

 For those of you that don't know I've been studying jazz for well over nine months now and part of my practice has revolved around listening/learning new music and dissecting what makes this song feel upbeat, what makes this song sound joyful, what makes it sound sad, calmer, relaxed, or any other emotion you can think of. As a consequence, I've been thinking about the effect of the vocabulary of genre on our playing and the way that we're able to communicate emotions. Now when it comes to stuff like piano or guitar, I've only ever learned what I think of as being very heavy—almost melancholic or sad—music. I come from metal and the riffs I've always stuck with were the ones that I learned from teenage angst or even college. Just depressing times in my life where I didn't know how to communicate negative emotions so I just ended up communicating through music. I think all of this has led me to this realization of just how much you know vocabulary shapes our thoughts, our ability to create, and why in creative practice and like diligence to creativity we have to learn about other genres—other feelings—and really sit with and understand the emotions that come out of the song. Not only understand them, but be able to practice and play them and re-create the feeling that comes out.

I think all of this explains why I wasn't ever able to come up with a happy poem or a happy song. It’s because all of my diligence in music has kind of come from a place of anger and sadness to express things that I haven't been able to always convey to people. As I've developed a better language to communicate negativity to people, I've also learned how to communicate in other instruments, positivity, almost like kind of balancing it out, but at the very least, I feel much stronger pull to communicating things that are happy in art you know things that are lighter not as darker depressing