Tried it today, staying in groove is deceptively hard. But I think I get it. It's about completely letting go of your part and submitting to Music and Time. Not playing to impress, but communicating as in a stream of consciousness.

Music by Ted Gioia is game changing. The concept of music everywhere, hearing the songs of the trees or the blades of grass, has opened my eyes to the beauties of the wilderness even more. Even moreso the concept of sex and war (creation and destruction) being the primary topics of music. Makes me feel like I'm writing about the wrong stuff and brings up resistance to writing music because I can't show it to my parents. Or at least feel weird showing it to them

How do I get more in groove?
- Don't try
- Listen frequently to newer and newer music
- Don't abandon the baseline. Set it, play it enough that you can completely let go of it, then free your mind for playing on top of it
- Be the bell player at first. 
- Music hasn't changed all that much from back then. Get into the flow of the music and let changes come exclusively from intention instead of fear or pain
- You have to get to a point where you're not anxious about over or underplaying. Where you're listening to exactly what the audience is listening to. Where you're not reacting to every single thing and are instead contributing exactly your part to the greater whole with intention. Fills or accents then just become a way to add color not a necessity to bring attention to yourself. But it all starts with playing the time keeper until that is second nature, then you can free your mind to receive information.
- not being afraid of playing a small, but vital, role

One final thing is that I've begun seeing more of the reason the bell role is the time keeper. It's about getting to a point of playing that's completely autonomous. You don't even have to think about it. You get so in groove that time doesn't change with your emotions or anything else, you completely fall in line to the cycle and never lose the groove. Other people can then completely rely on you because they also fall into the groove, and it's like being in the middle of this meditative trance where everyone is locked in without a thought

Play the rests with as much force as the notes. True in music and in life, know when to take a break

So even just like a week and a half and I already feel like my sense of time is starting to change where now I can listen to I guess the stuff I used to listen to like thank you scientist and Dream Theater and I can hear like the time discrepancy mainly just like how much they push time and I can hear back on stuff I was doing before and see just how much I was doing the same thing. And alongside this, I've been… I think, focusing on playing the single part over and over has really made me lean into groove rather than focus on like any kind of virtuality or like soloistic playing it makes more and more sense. Why the bad bell rhythm was given to the beginners and I think it's because it's the role where you don't necessarily have to have the ear to know where you fit a place it's the timekeeping is constant and what matters is that you can kind of do it on auto pilot and let everyone else kind of adjust to you and I mean you still have to be stable with it but I think going into it. I thought you're going to have to put the most stable person on it, but it seems more like you put the person who still has to develop their ear on it? Where is the other parts? It seems more vital that they know how and when to interject different rhythms I think because it is a music where the music itself isn't necessarily the focal point it's like background for singing and dancing it playing something consistently for long periods of time seems to be the most important part

I think the big thing it's changing with my mind is the concept of when and how to use Phil's to enhance music because in the context if you're playing like a Bebe bell pattern, you're not supposed to fill at all you just play the same pattern over and over maybe you'll change it up a little bit but pretty much the whole ceremony is you playing that one over and over cause you're the anchor for everyone else and so now when I've gone back to try and jam with other songs, I find myself more often than not staying away from using any fills and even playing less notes because it feels like it fits into the groove more not only that, but I also feel like there's a much greater emphasis on listening to other people in the music around you when you're having to play this bell powder and over and over again you know you get to a point where you don't have to think about it anymore so it's more important to kind of lose yourself in the Group instead of I've been trying to do this more when I play other music too by playing in a way that is consistent enough that I can lose myself in the groove and really focus on what other people are playing and I find that doing that makes playing a lot more simple and really just more enjoyable. I think the thing I struggled with it still kind of struggled with going into this is the idea that coming from like a virtual stick background or even like a one where I played solar work it feels weird, giving up the agency of fills and solos because there's almost this sphere that you lose yourself in the process or you become obsolete or unimaginative, but I think the farther and I get the more I realize that that's completely not the case like if anything you become more stable and more coordinated and more reliable in the role you're playing and you begin to hear how your accents and your films can complement people or transition things rather than just acting as a way of fiddling around

Being in groove means not anticipating the beat. It means going autopilot, but not unaware. Using energy not to monitor every motion, but only to adjust when you've fallen out of groove

Starting to notice the sounds of nature, the music played on any route. Something to take with me on any adventure

Thinking about what I want to write about this week while sitting in this coffee shop. I've been reading *music: A Subversive History* by Ted Gioia and...WOW. I'm reading this as part of an everlasting pursuit to deepen my relationship with and love for music and WOW. In connection with research on the Bembe, one of the most prominent ideas is tha of an *audience*. In the book, Ted talks about how the concept of an audience, one that separates performer from those observing, is a recent and detached evolution of music. In folkloric music, there was no distance between the two. Gonna brain dump. There was a shamanistic approach and view where music itself was deemed altering. It was a means of combating more dangerous and deadly prey by singing out in unison the song of your people, and after the slaughter it became a way of preserving or celebrating the life of the animal that had given itself to them. In the rituals it was a way of creating unity, synchronizing with the tribe, and honoring the Gods above and I find that so magical and fascinating especially in comparison to how it's approached nowadays where we either idolize an artist on our phones or go to a concert and watch them perform on a stage people going around saying "I don't know how to play music" or "im not a musician" without realizing that to be human is to be a musician in the tribal times music was how we survived how we got on the same page it was synchronization it was how we fought prey and scared of predators by joining our voice in unity and it's been reduced to profit by people who don't respect the culture of where it's come from what it's capable of but I see more and more with Bembe when I play it and collect others to play it with me why it's so powerful why the groove is necessary because in playing the rhythm over and over again even by yourself you sink into it it feels heavier and you are able to lose yourself in it you get to a point where you don't have to think about it you relax and you play and you only gain awareness again when you slip out when you fall away having played this for over an hour a day even passively on a camping trip I've been on so I've been on this camping trip with my friends and instead of neglecting my studies my life has grown in a way where I feel inspired to continue growing so frequently as we adventured through different forests beaches swamps and other terrains I found myself asking "what is the song of this area?" The book I've been talking about has completely expanded my definition of music and song beyond the 4-piece ensembles and entertainment-exclusive perception I've had for it up until now. I walked through each ecosystem trying to identify the plant life and animal like by the sounds they made and although I'd always been into mediation, I'd never before experienced a deepening of appreciation for the world we'd lived in quite like this. In Continuation of the Lesson I learned about the unity of the frogs croaking to ward off prey but from the concepts in Ted's book it also seems like the unity of songs from human could be used as powerfully as a weapon, scaring off lions and other predators and stealing away their kills. But everywhere I went, I found myself sinking into the Bembe bell rhythm. I'd play on the railings of boardwalks, the console of the car we'd rode around in, and finally by the fireside where me and one of my friends played the bell pattern and shekere rhythm with each other. Even now I feel the pulse moving through my mind trying to find a place to get out. It's through doing this and relaxing into this that I feel like I finally understand being in groove. Not only with the music, but in the sense of being in unity. Listening. Being in groove is a respectful thing it's about recognizing and appreciating the rolls of other members in an ensemble or present tribe and appreciating each members part while playing your own. The bell player is the time keeper because they haven't yet developed the capacity to hear the changes and to respect the sanctity of the ritual, and it seems until you can fully play the part on autopilot and stay in groove, it's until you...you're not promoted until you have the capacity to recognize your role and to continue fully contributing to that role. The shamanic powers only come about through holding the synchronization which can only happen when no forces try to dominate, no forces try to impress, and everyone works together to support the ensemble. It's through cooperation that we thrive.

And it all makes me look back on my past. The other thing I know now that I struggled with is performativeness. I think I somewhat struggle socially now because I'm at the tipping point between who I was and who I want to be. I've been hyper aware during social events because my old response was to gut out drama, to search for people's darkness almost as a way of feeling better than them. To be their therapist. I felt that's what deep connection was. But now, I want something different. I want those deep connections, but from a place of joy and comfort and happiness and unity. And I think I got so used to uncovering darkness tha now I'm having a difficult time figuring out how to move in the opposite direction. I think it brings out that whole attraction issue because it's like vulnerable, it's different, it's not who I used to be, I don't want it to be fake but it feels fake. I also don't want to lead anyone on AND I'm terrified of being in a relationship. Crazy layingit all out like that. There's something else I can't remember. OHH the other aspect of it is like trying to manage other peoples emotions?  Used to think it was empathy, but now I usually just feel like it's a self defense thing. Not just managing emotions, but really any form of protecting people from
The consequences of their actions and/or molding them to my rules

Another thing I've started to realize in playing the Bemba rhythm is the idea of the flexibility of time I think when you're so constrained to like metronomic time it's easy to get caught up in the idea of like a quarter note pulse being exactly where it is every time and trying to line up with that, but I think in the idea of cyclical time there's a strong blend between the quarter notes in the triplet notes. I think what I mean by this is going into it I had the impression that all the double notes or the double plays in the 68 pattern were the only parts of time being stretched like if you were playing all of the clave pattern in end of itself at that time remain fixed to like metronomic time, whereas the kind of transfer between the two that happens in the diddle that's the only part of time that gets stretched you know brought forward or backwards, but I think the more I play it the more I realize that there's there's like an interpolation between the 6/8 pattern and the four or four pattern, where the only consistent thing is the cycle and everything else that rely that lies in between repetitions of the cycle can be stretched, however, needs to be necessary. The only thing is that it should remain consistent with time, but it can go in between every note being played exactly with like what a metronome would play, and every note being Played almost with little fluctuation, it gets interpreted between every note being played completely metronome and on the other side, every note getting complete plate completely in the same amount of space

I think one other aspect of this is looking at the ways in my life has been so far shaped and away that has been outside of any kind of rhythm. For about two years now, I've also struggled to like get into any kind of flow or Rhythmic state or any kind of consistency and structure because my scheduling has been unpredictable for work and so I've used that as an excuse not to develop any kind of structured to the life I was living. I think I felt like because I was flexible with work. I had to be un flexible in the way that I… I think I felt because I needed flexibility from work. I couldn't expect to develop any kind of structure around it and so I think in getting better at learning how this bell pattern incorporates to the rhythms of the world and also to the consistency of like the ceremonies and how they're developed to help me in my own life to understand how to build a more consistent structure that I could rely on you know things like attending jam sessions, and run clubs… Building space in them every week that I could rely on showing up to these things and being able to socialize with the same people all the time. It's not it's not something I felt like I could really understand before and it's funny how it evolves from just sitting around playing a rhythm for 45 minutes straight and understanding, what kind of cultural context has evolved from that?

Getting int he groove with Bembe means not only knowing each part, but knowing how (in context) to change each part individually. It means alot of times acting as an ensemble even as just one person. Like changing the bell pattern should never be done, but knowing how and when to change the Shekere (hihat ) or the conga patterns on the fly while staying in the groove is incredibly important for staying true to folkloric tradition. Getting an intuition for how each part fits in the context is what it's all about 