# Week 43

I neglected my reviews the past couple week. In part, an act of personal negligence, but also recalibration. In beginning to grow my business, I read E-Myth, The Practice, Million Dollar Weekend. The conjunction of all of them sent me spiraling for the past few weeks as I've been struggling to find solid ground. The combined effects of these books taught me much about generosity and the selfish nature I both live in and feel surrounded by. This has thrown me into a deep and hopeless depression, recognizing everything I had once dreamed was still selfishly motivated primarily as a means to an end. In full transparency, I stood over a bridge on a semi-suicidal night, never seriously contemplating the end but thinking it would be a "solution" to the suffering I was experiencing. The worst part of all of it was that I only talked with ChatGPT about the whole thing, replacing genuine human interaction with it.  I don't see this as a bad thing, but it's been difficult finding any motivation knowing that the idea I once thought of as mastery now feels like an outcome which only seeks to benefit myself. Trying to shift my world view to one of unexpecting, favorless, and transactionless generosity is proving to be difficult. Even moreso, reconciling the life I want to live with what other people value, and doing so with an increasing structural integrity, is driving me crazy. It's so different from the life I've lived so far. Also from the lives of everyone I feel surrounded by.

The major component of all this is a complete reshaping on my view of the purpose of creation, curiosity, structure, and art. My previous thoughts were of creation, especially the shipping of art, as a form of self-expression exclusively. The idea was that if you promoted yourself and your work authentically, an audience naturally emerged. There is truth to this, but my approach to this view point is based on the idea of serving an unknown assailant, the "everyone" instead of "someone," and has been approached without right intention. Mastery was a means of financial security and opportunity. The business I was working towards was purely financially motivated. Structure was a limitation on the freedom of creativity. And finally, that art should be free and that if I made it for me, others would enjoy it. 

Now, I view these intentions as selfish and limiting. 

When I watch *Seinfeld* now, I think about how it was made by not just one artist, but writers, actors, directors, cameramen, and so many other artists all working in tandem. They needed structure for each and every one of them to work at maximum capacity. Maybe there was limitations because of that, but the show thrived because there was some underlying structure which allowed every artist to fill their role. Look how many episodes came because of that! I've been laughing at the show all morning. The intention of the show was to give the gift of laughter to an identifiable audience. If the show didn't make someone laugh or feel the way they were meant to, it's not impactful art. Or it's just unrealistic. And in the vein, curiosity was a result of exploring *within* the structure they made.

It all started with Jerry Seinfeld learning how to make one person laugh. A single person that he's given this gift to. A comedian who can only make themself laugh would not have a very successful career.

I think the point I'm getting at is that the *value* of art lies in its ability to make a lasting impact. A change. It doesn't have to solve the world's problems, but I think it's meant to make us feel something. And if it's making us feel something either than what was intended, that's a reflection of the artist's abilities. The iterative process of trying, shipping, failing, improving, and repeating is what develops the intuition and makes better art.  But that improvement only comes from making an intention in the first place and then measuring it against how the people its meant for respond. 

I sit now in the ashes of these flames. Despite all the turmoil I suffered, I sit here with hope. My awareness has expanded. While I still feel a sense of dread, I see what I've learned as having opened a new world. *The Practice* masterfully captured all the topics in Principles, Million Dollar Weekend, $100m offers, and E-Myth in a way that hasn't resonated with me before. That generoisty, the work we do for others without expectation of an outcome, is at the core of all art. That ultimately, art is one of the biggest proponents of progress. 

I ended the week attending Juan "Carlito" Mendoza's drum clinic. This clinic showed me many things, but among them being the power of surrounding yourself with people on the same journey. The books I've read and the concepts about art I've learned created much conflict between those I work with and thoe I play with. But amongst the drumming community, I was able to talk about all I've been learning. Generosity came from taking videos of Juan's performance and sending them to him so that he could post it (whether or not he does is up to him). Or even just listening to Jason talk. I felt more at home with people that knew more than me than I ever do with those who have no similar interests, which is something I've scarcely experienced. Being surrounded by drum teachers, entreprenuers, giggers, and learners felt so humbling. It's given me a new vision for who I want to surround myself with and how to get there. 