i used to come home after a bad day or a breakup and i didn't
want to run i didn't want to cry all i wanted to do was shit myself on the kit
ecause i was playing so much all i wanted to do was play some heavy fucking
rock music or heavy metal and beat all my problems away when i was bullied when
i faced my insecurities all that melted away when Nightmare came on and I could
just move all my limbs as loud and as fast as i can because it was the
instrument of expression its the instrument for those of us that dont have a
voice or havent found it yet its the instrument where they have to pa attention
to you where if you decide youre done everyone will hear it is the most
iportant instrument its the one that you have control over its the one thing
that no one can take away from you you didnt have to be good at it you just
loved being able to sit behind the kit and hammer shit out you didnt even care
if you were good at it or not until recently you just loved playing you always
felt like pride was what drove you forward but pride and anger dont have that
power it was always love you always loved playing you loved the escape you
loved the challenge you loved asking yourself "can I go there" and not stopping
until you you loved the addiction you loved the pain of not being able to
figure it out you loved the experiementation you loved everything about the way
it allowed you express yourself because that was you in those few moments you
could speak your truth in those few moments the universe aligned in your favor
dad couldnt yell at you and mom couldnt bully or belittle you drumming was your
escape and you have the power to give that to someone else you have the power
to channel that expression to teach this skill

they live in a world
where that power was taken away from them where their voice was silenced they
lived in a world where they had to ask permission all their life to be
themselves and they finally want an outlit where they can be whoever they want
to be and be heard doing so they want to feel themselves and they want everyone
in the room to feel the groove that they eminate the rhythm they walk to they
want to inspire they want to connect and live hramoniously they want to be a
trusted backbone a supportive cahrracter a generous mind for the world of
musicians and the life they live.

The trick to holding to sticks is just to make a fist with the stick in it,
then move the thumb up and loosen the fingers.

Jojo
Mayer's big goal was to go beyond the human limitations and imitate what the
machiens were playing, in the same way that early drummers would imitate
machinery, yet add a human component to them, something more emotional and
which would allow for simple improviation.

Most of the details of
the story talk about how drumming is a way of communicating with the Gods.
Similar to what Jojo Mayer was saying, drums are used to communicate over
longer distances. They are loud so the Gods can hear us, and is a form of
communion with them.