
I need to become the best FOR THEM. For the audience. Every show makes someone's night. I remember shows from When I was a kid, and I have the power to bring that to other people, but only if I hold people to the same standards as what I see. This is why I can't tolerate bullshit anymore.

It's like I see that with new people, or even some people I'm closer to now, these higher standards are something I can become immediately and be accepted for it. But with older friends like Amy or even JJ, I think it's going to drive a further wedge

Higher standards unites people, lower standards distances them. How can I preserve the joy while having the high standards? How can I invite others to join? It doesn't have to be aggressive to be inspiring. All an Artist can do for another Artist is inspire

What does total immersion look like and how can I enter it without burning out? Is burning out an actual threat or is it just resistance?

Back in high school I had this coach who for the longest time of villainized you know he actually genuinely. I think it was a dick but the more I look back on it the more I see that everyone at my high school had a more aggressive and pressuring teaching style. For the longest time, I believed that it was abuse and it wasn't right as now I look back on it and the way I see is that they believed in me more than anyone ever had before you know, they pushed me to my limits because they saw something not just me but everyone around me And there are things in there that I still have to work through, but I think the sentiment of it is something that I wished I could've made for myself, and I still wish I can to have that level of love for something and belief in something that you know they surround you with that they push you farther than you think you're capable of going they know how to break through barriersand turn you into the best version of yourself and it's like I want to reconcile with them and have gratitude for the fact that I am the person I am now because of them the good and the bad. I push myself to my own limits and have because they believed in me and I think ever since then I've struggled to find people who do the same thing and believe in me in that way and I think that's why college didn't work in like grad school didn't work because I didn't believe myself not in the way that they believed in me and my team. And it feels like I'm hitting that point in my growth where I recognize what it takes to be a better sales person a better drummer, a better builder you know just better and it's that belief that love that pursuit of mastery that I'm only starting to connect with again that I think I detach from because of the trauma. And now I'm grateful for them you know for pushing me in ways that my parents didn't even know how to push me for having that ability to see weakness clearly, and to eradicate it and to boost our strengths and the focus on the bigger picture, no matter how much it hurt us.
