# 07-23-2025

Need to, from the beginning, be capturing analytics on progress. Possibly get Drew on as a content writer? And where does the money come in? Is it monthly subscription, or pay for more time like Duolingo? I think the only problem with Duolingo model is that there's no way for us to challenge people and verify results that way. BUT an offshoot music theory app would be REALLY good under the duolingo model. #musicrunna

Practices should all be easily recordable. #musicrunna

Runna uses a goal oriented system, pick a goal and it structures everything up until that goal. What does that look like for drums? What goals end goals are there?

# 07-24-2025

Onboarding people for general improvement, in any instrument, should just seek to improve ALL technique with daily practices that focus on individual parts. Let drilling into a single concept advance with mastery ie for a guitar student, one day on alternate picking, one on slides, one on chords, etc. For drums, one day on technique, one day on timing, one day on dynamics, etc or alternatively for each sub area (eg technique one day for accents, one for diddles, one for sticking, etc) #musicrunna this is akin to what I did with both working out and the 15 minute a day book, except that book was fixed and this is much more dynamic to the weaknesses of the player

Maybe the way that goal setting works is it tries to create the shortest route? Like if the goal is to get better at uptempo jazz swing, itll take the end goal and end date and customize a routine which should (ideally) guarantee it gets there by customizing practices up until then with a mixture of endurance/sprints #musicrunna

# 07-25-2025

What did I learn from discover strength today?
- Initiation that went over goal setting was a really good way of easing into the session
  - Could re-instating goals help with my own sales?
- Emphasis on research increased my trust for them
- The 2 free sessions really helped me get involved
- Locking in a social customer (eg me) is good for their marketing

And in general:
- Just mentioning I teach drum lessons perks people who want lessons up (eg Momo talked about it). I need to focus on these people and really sell it to them. Give them a free lesson (with onboarding) then try and get them locked in with everything else. Part of this means I REALLY FUCKING NEED SOCIAL PROOF AND AN ORGANIZED OFFER AND A WAY TO CONGLOMERATE ALL OF IT TOGETHER