# 12-02-2025

What got done today?
- Work
- Basic Practice
- Ordered all of Joey's gifts
- Bought the tire repair kit and new shoes
- Bought groceries for week
- Put together list of card recipients
- Talked with Jalen about starting lessons
- Cooked 1/2 of meal
- Sat down and analyzed where things went wrong

What didn't get done and why?
- Didn't order the cards or gift for mom.
  - Cards were because 1. I didn't have all the addresses at the ready and ran into a mental barrier thinking of how I was going to ask for them. Instead of going ahead and doing the work, I sat there thinking about it forever until I grew tired and took a nap
    - Disciplined person would have followed through.
  - Mom was because we hadn't any ideas between the three of us.
    - Why didn't you brainstorm?
- Didn't finish meal
  - No feta. Why don't you just run to the store? It's past 6 PM. Too late. It's not too late to the disciplined person. Doesn't that bring me straight to burnout? I have no idea any more. When do I get to relax if that's the case?
- Didn't fix tire. Not the highest priority today, plus didn't completely intend on doing so. Bad priorities?
- Didn't send recording to Isra. Not the highest priority today.
- Didn't organize Notion. Was a suprise that I was going to be able to get to it anyways, so lack of intention.
- No exercise. Lack of intention/priority/discipline.
Alot didn't get done because I napped. Lack of sleep from night before. But that's easy to blame, alot also didn't get done because I didn't realize how much I'd tried to shove into one day / how long alot of things took. Especially with Starbucks.