# 06-10-2025

Definitely need to create a stronger structure. Like predicate certain objectives on achieving certain goals. Having something like this will greatly improve my ability to plan things, as well as their ability to accomplish things in a given timeframe. Okay lesson plan for today:
- Go back over the blues progression in G Major at 35 BPM? 40 BPM? 
  - This is where I feel like I should be pushing her. Something more concrete of an objective, but having something like that may be too much. Idk it's not something I'm doing to myself (currently) so it feels weird to predicate it in that way.
- Start teaching about singing in conjunction with guitar. Sing each note before it's placed. 
  - Create a concious intention before moving. Learn translation.
- Improvise back and forth with yourself. Sing a bar, play a bar
- Improvise then play note
Where are we going? This is why there needs to be a bigger structure. Certain achievements or like a goal map? Like the main purpose of today is to work on translation for melodies. 

I feel like the reason I need a mentor is so that I can relegate all the planning and growth to them, so I can focus on my students. Or at least, have less of a stake in it? Idk. I feel too close to it. It's like I want to have the same goals that I put onto my students, the same strucutre, but I'm struggling to create that for myself. Like I want some kind of goal map to say this precursor is needed to go to achieve these next things, but that requires a more intimate knowledge of what I'm lacking. In planning out the path forward for my student, it makes sense why I need someone with a much higher perspective to plot the route for me. Same reason I need a physical therapist, or why right now I want an actual therapist. A book is good, but it's no replacement for someone who has experience in developing people. #insights #struggles #mentorship #teaching

Can we create a system of like badges/achievements within each like niche or genre or section? I really like this idea, but it's going to take some work to get. It's like I need a program which I can create a path for people. Upload achievements, create a personalized plan. I think having this, having concrete stepping stones and achievements that is completionist within this will really help a student to live up to a full program. Like it would be really cool to say "Level 1" or "The Chords" as a category has all these achievements that can be completed and processed in a way that the student can see their progress. #ideas #apps

Need to start doing journaling around the feeling of a certain drum beat or song. 

# 06-11-2025

[Rumba Columbia with Moperc congas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKSs9la8Lfw) 
Trying to recall what I remember. Quito is the soloist. The rumba styles are Columbia, GuaGuanco, and I can't rembmer the other one (yumba).

# 06-24-2025

For the music gym idea, would probably be easiest to build something around an abandoned warehouse or abandoned storage facility. Could easily outfit something like that with a rehearsal setup #ideas #business

[Guaguanco tutorial](https://youtu.be/eWq_-tYBQLs?si=jSDSkX02esJxMpYi) #music #drums #videos Really good tutorial on the essence of guaguanco. Probably the most difficult part about this and every other Afro Cuban rhythm is pocketing myself amongst what feels like chaos, along with relying on the clave instead of 1 2 3 4. I also feel like learning about the dance is way more helpful. Like udnerstnaindg what they're looking for

# 06-28-2025

In trying to write out the lead sheets for my songs, I'm realizing just how little I know about analyzing chords. Need to do a deeper dive on this. Like how do I decide which chord to use for a lead sheet? Furthermore, how do I make a leadsheet? What is it's purpose? Tbh, I can't even read one very well. Maybe that's a big part of the problem.

# 07-02-2025

Actual shopping simulator that takes into account psychology. #ideas #games Could be an easy way of gamifying environmental sales. Could incorporate customer connection by touching each customer, remembering stuff they say.

Need to make an onboarding idea for Elena and a plan moving forward and post-lesson notes. #tasks

#blog #ideas the three things that have greatly changed my perspective on life. 1. Propagating a Devil's Ivy into a mature plant 2. 

#tasks Need to do a full on dump of how music is great how it connects people and shit like that, really find more reason to appreacite what i do

The answer to everything is to ask the question: How can I already treat what I have better?

# 07-03-2025

Ash Soan's [website](https://ashsoan.com/studio/) is so fucking sexy. Apparently he uses [Create](https://createdesigns.co.uk/) digital team. Worth keeping in mind.