# 07-16-2025

The way to cultivate an obsession is not to focus on a single remedy (ie practicing constantly) but instead to create MULTIPLE outlets that all serve the same higher purpose under different contexts and energy levels. Like transcribing is good for low energy, writing is good for creative, watching and journaling is also good for low energy. Not just the performance, the look of it too. 

# 07-17-2025

I think down the line, I need to do the ONE dumps into a single focused solution. This will make the next practice super simple, so maybe do a client facing summary but then a full list of everything I notice. But I think part of holding them to a higher standard also means putting pressure on things like outside practice. One simple way to do this is to start by making them get pads and sticks as a base level assumption #teaching

I think in #teaching, get a couple grooves down and THEN start teaching about listening for them in music to learn from others

What is is I want right now with #musicrunna for #teaching?
- Give a "General" idea for homework, list of exercises and suggested amount of work days and times, especially with single day activities
- Allow the student to customize their schedule
- Self-optimization
- Simple interface for creating exercises, achievements
- Automated metronome for going through exercises, create less friction in dilligent practices (automated rest timers)
The thing I want THE MOST right now is to be able to text them a link to a lesson summary/homework breakdown that's essentially a single web page talking about all this information. FUck the email, there's not nearly enough customization there. I want to be able to use this platform to customize my own routines as much as anyone else's

Also, if I can get this up and running, sending something like a weekly practice reccomendation to someone like Caleb would be super good.

What is the MVP?

Reading through and writing out my lessons notes, it's obvious to me that one of the big limitations I'm facing right now is that I don't extend to my students any like consistent system or agreement for homework and summaries. I REALLY need to get this figured out.

# 07-18-2025

Different drummers' methods for developing a better sense of comping, grooving, and feeling during solos.

[Benny Greb](www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XI2aHSBTnU). Mean what you play. Learning to become aware of what you play by approaching it in the form of communication. The best thing you can do for all of them is set a clear frame of rules and see what you can do within this frame.
- 2-bar improv: play whatever you want for the first bar, then repeat it for the second.
- 4-bar improv: double it
- Note-value improv: Pick a subdivision and only play in it
- Orchestration improv: Pick one instrument and see how creative you can get with it

I know that my issue is that my pocket diminishes greatly during improv, possibly due to unawareness.

[Larnell Lewis]() Isolate a limb, keep pocket with the other three and improv with the fourth. Can be interlaced with Benny Greb.
