# 12-22-2025

I'm zach ross a first born and bred musician offshooting from my parents and grandparents. I started playing drums at the ripe age of 8, started taking lessons at 10, and haven't given up since. I had a career path set out for me as a computer scientist yet decided this was more important. In 2013, I was part of a drumline that took home the National Championships at the USBands competition. Since college, I've played in jazz, funk, jam band, rock, and pop ensembles. Music is my home. my meditation. my safe space. It has been there for me through every break up, every job rejection, every painful scenario and every one of my best days, drums were there with me. Music became my obsession over time because of the way I connected with other people through it. It was never just about the music, but about everything around it. The people, the friends I made along the way. The attention I got. The feeling of playing that first gig. That feeling of playing a gig well. My mission in life is to connect and inspire people with rhythm. From 2016-2019 I performed with the GCSU Jazz band as an auxiliary percussionist, playing alongside a number of guest artsits including Jeff Coughin. I've toured around the South East including Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Tennessee. I've played sold out shows at Blue Room, Barrelhouse, and Smiths Olde Bar, and have played shows for audiences sized 2,000+.

What is the intention?

Instill confidence

Looking at other drummers' websites, its interesting seeing how people market their stuff. For instance, I've been targeting beginners, so the things I'm thinking about solving are "learn your favorite songs" "read and write music" "jam with friends" etc. But Looking at Anika Niles website, 

> She can help you progress in a variety of directions, whether it’s building a focused practice routine or working on specific styles, coordination, time & feel, odd meters, dynamics, and much more. For the lessons you will need your electronic device, a stable wifi connection and a practice pad or drum kit. 

The things that appeal to more advanced drummers (styles, coordination, etc) would not at all apply to a beginner or a parent of a beginner. It's worth noting that that would be a completely different offer. Appealing to drummers of all levels would actually be bad for marketing right now

titles
Get started drumming today
Are you ready to drum?
Drumming for all of us
Drumming for beginners
Begginer Bootcamp for Drummers
Bongo Beginner
How long have you been waiting to drum?

