# 12-17-2025

I feel like the part I struggle with now is seeing the development of this business being at odds with my personal growth as a musician like some part of me sees this whole thing as like a departure from The Practice I've established like if I were to be truly the artist I wanted to be it would mean like auditions and worrying about myself? idk i guess what im losing or having to come to terms with now is that my definition of an artists is changing or even calling or purpose like i don't necessarily care about being a God but I want to create music but it feels like I'm constantly fighting against nature to make any music like im terrified constnatly of what I write and I keep coming up with ideas but idk i feel so fucking frustrated today because I dont' have a means of actually producnig the art in my head and it feels like building this business is still just an excuse in a way not to do the hard thing of networking with stronger players and the such idk i feel like its too late to come to any conclusions right now but i feel discouraged because the sides of my brain are once again at conflict like the business once agani feels like a departure from whats important but i look at what I've don ein the past and that shit didn't work 100% but it got me so many more gigs than I have now and idk i have no idea what to do if i should even hope to grow a business or if its a fucking moot point idk idk idk idkidk i feel so fucking moronoic 

its like this fork in the road where it almost feels like the growth of the business is going to distance me from the live performances or the street performances or the jam sessions or playing with others or recording or session work like leading a company in my mind is the antithesis of creation even when i dont think that's the case like theres a way to lump it all in im sure but I have a hard time imagining it even if the intention from the beginning was to provide a meaningful solution that gives drummers a place to go a place to record a place to commune etc it feels like abandoning the art. like i go back on what I've written over the past year and i genuinely like alot of it, but the big fucking problem that I have over and over again is just that I have no way of playing drums on any of it and its like this stubborn fucking position of wanting my strength to shine instead of giving whatever i can god i need to get away from t his right now because nothing is going to make it better tonight

# 12-19-2025

I think I'm just trying to understand what to do right now. I'm working on building my career as an artist, but I'm trying to do it intelligently. I think where I'm really struggling to visualize the path forward comes from alot of confusion in the books I've read. Reconciling the information feels impossible, but maybe I've been reading the wrong books. Like for example, I'm a big fan of The Artists Way, The Practice, and The War of Art. But I've also read Think and Grow Rich, 100m Offers (Alex Hormozoi), and E Myth. The main contention I see in all of them is the concept of a business. The first set of books surrounds the growth of life, love, finance, etc, around the Self, whereas the latter set seems to focus on a product or a business itself as a product. Recently, I've been trying to create structure and systems to facilitate my career growth, but the problem I run into with this is that every structure I seem to fantasize about feels like it sidesteps the entire purpose of what I'm trying to do. Like I've been thinking about teaching lessons on the side, which is definitely a good move. But in doing so, I find myself overthinking every step of the process. Like it feels like I'm not only trying to teach lessons, but also trying to imagine a future structure which would house lessons in a way that I don't even have to work there. Not only that, but I try to imagine an audience which this is supposed to cater to. The only thing that runs through my mind the entire time I'm doing this though is that like...it feels like a way of being a shadow artist. Of falling into resistance. Because it feels like the real way to grow specifically as a musician and as a person is not to try and scale it into this profit-generating machine. It feels like all I need is to teach lessons as a base level to provide enough structure and security to get out of my other job and spend the rest of the time finding gigs. But All of it also rings of some level of procrastination to where what would really grow me the most is to go play with people im scared of playing with, go to shows to meet new musicians, etc, because the parts that I'm lacking the most are musicians that live up to the standards I have for myself. It's all so difficult and nuanced that I'm just at a loss on where to go, because I'm tired of being stuck in the situation I'm in and my goal for the next year is to make enough to finally move on with my life because I hate the idea that I'm 28 and still in debt, still living at home, and still single