# 06-27-2025

There's so much in my head today that I just have to dump it all out. Looking to go through the following
- Tackling Sales insecurities
- Building more of an authentic offer based on what I already do rather than what I want to do
- Figure out who I want to be in Her
- Finding ways to improve the lessons I'm already doing
- Resistance to meditations
- How to make onboarding easy and enthusiastic
- Fear in helping to connect others
- Ways entertainment has connected or saved my life
- Ways that indefinite coaching has impacted my life
- Undercurrent of sales being a way of directly asking someone to give me money, which Ive always had a hard time with. Trying to rephrase it
- Pride issues 

# 06-28-2025

Okay so I have 3 business gardens total right now. Gigs, lessons, and sessions. My energy is devoted, almost entirely, to none of them. It's all focused on growth *in general* rather than growing any plant specifically. I still am seeking general growth on the instrument, but the more valuable I become to my current industry the easier it will be to free the time for general growth.

## Gigs 

Most of my gross revenue has come from this garden. I now charge $100/hr for this minimum unless specified otherwise.

Current clients: Spare Change, Isra, Parking Garage(?)
Previous clients: Highway 49, Patio, Tabla Rosa

###

## Lessons

Consistent revenue comes from this garden. It's much smaller because it is my youngest garden, but it is already more consistent and gratifying than the others.

Current clients: Amanda, Elaina
Previous clients: None

## Sessions

No income has been generated from this route.

Current clients: Spare Change, Jackson, Parking Garage(?)
Previous clients: None

---

I think the overwhelming sentiment moving forward is I'm going to have to ask for feedback from everyone I've played with to find ways to continue improving. Fuck! Actually, it might be good to open this poll to everyone on insta. Something like asking what their dream outcome is when hiring a drummer, percieved likelihood of getting that outcome, the time delay(?), and effort/sacrifice. The last two I'm not exactly sure how to measure. But it would be good to make one for people looking to hire drummers versus what a fan is looking for? Like to understand both sides of the coin for improvement. And measure these against what people I've played with are looking for. And with that it's like what more can I do to increase their security?

So this is the main thing I need to improve gigs and sessions. Lessons I feel is a different story.

Also, how do I corner the micromarket? Like the Athens market, how do I become the GOTO guy for gigs, sessions, and lessons?

I guess the ideal is that I'm an all in one package. Hiring me *pulls* a crowd too. The band profit as much as I do. It's not just hiring a drummer, it's hiring an audience. How do I become someone that pulls a crowd? How do I do so with the least effort?
- Text everyone I know in the area
- Consistently provide the best experience possible
- Sell shows better
	- What is the grand slam offer for a show? Especially one that I'm hosting?
	- How do I get over the selling insecurities?
- Daily instagram commenting (watering plants) ONLY FOR GENUINE CONNECTION NOT FOR MANIPULATION
- Referall deals ($50 to whoever refers, engineer or fellow musicians for gigs)
- Share the wealth wherever possible!!!

# 06-10-2025

Definitely need to create a stronger structure. Like predicate certain objectives on achieving certain goals. Having something like this will greatly improve my ability to plan things, as well as their ability to accomplish things in a given timeframe. Okay lesson plan for today:
- Go back over the blues progression in G Major at 35 BPM? 40 BPM? 
  - This is where I feel like I should be pushing her. Something more concrete of an objective, but having something like that may be too much. Idk it's not something I'm doing to myself (currently) so it feels weird to predicate it in that way.
- Start teaching about singing in conjunction with guitar. Sing each note before it's placed. 
  - Create a concious intention before moving. Learn translation.
- Improvise back and forth with yourself. Sing a bar, play a bar
- Improvise then play note
Where are we going? This is why there needs to be a bigger structure. Certain achievements or like a goal map? Like the main purpose of today is to work on translation for melodies. 

I feel like the reason I need a mentor is so that I can relegate all the planning and growth to them, so I can focus on my students. Or at least, have less of a stake in it? Idk. I feel too close to it. It's like I want to have the same goals that I put onto my students, the same strucutre, but I'm struggling to create that for myself. Like I want some kind of goal map to say this precursor is needed to go to achieve these next things, but that requires a more intimate knowledge of what I'm lacking. In planning out the path forward for my student, it makes sense why I need someone with a much higher perspective to plot the route for me. Same reason I need a physical therapist, or why right now I want an actual therapist. A book is good, but it's no replacement for someone who has experience in developing people. #insights #struggles #mentorship #teaching

Can we create a system of like badges/achievements within each like niche or genre or section? I really like this idea, but it's going to take some work to get. It's like I need a program which I can create a path for people. Upload achievements, create a personalized plan. I think having this, having concrete stepping stones and achievements that is completionist within this will really help a student to live up to a full program. Like it would be really cool to say "Level 1" or "The Chords" as a category has all these achievements that can be completed and processed in a way that the student can see their progress. #ideas #apps

Need to start doing journaling around the feeling of a certain drum beat or song. 

# 06-11-2025

[Rumba Columbia with Moperc congas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKSs9la8Lfw) 
Trying to recall what I remember. Quito is the soloist. The rumba styles are Columbia, GuaGuanco, and I can't rembmer the other one (yumba).

# 06-24-2025

For the music gym idea, would probably be easiest to build something around an abandoned warehouse or abandoned storage facility. Could easily outfit something like that with a rehearsal setup #ideas #business

[Guaguanco tutorial](https://youtu.be/eWq_-tYBQLs?si=jSDSkX02esJxMpYi) #music #drums #videos Really good tutorial on the essence of guaguanco. Probably the most difficult part about this and every other Afro Cuban rhythm is pocketing myself amongst what feels like chaos, along with relying on the clave instead of 1 2 3 4. I also feel like learning about the dance is way more helpful. Like udnerstnaindg what they're looking for
