# 04-06-2026

I'm tired, but I don't feel like going to bed yet and I don't feel like writing in my journal, but I wanted to recap I guess some of the stuff I've written about today. Like I think among the most important part is what I've wrote about at the end, which is the difference between like the pleasure. I'm still getting of having people do things for me or expecting them too and on the other side what it's costing me and I don't know I guess I just wanted to talk about it more cause it feels like it's critical. But also I feel like I'm starting to see a better way to channel focus. Look I'm trying to come up with a way that still respects my growth as a musician will also has room for like other priorities. Am I thinking is that it has to still be set up in the way that is like similar to running? Like the idea is that music is the only thing that can grow in size and focus and stuff like that. Everything else has like a capacity and even music has a capacity for most days. But I guess the idea is that everything has like a maintenance cap and if it's not the main focus of like a quarter then I can't do anymore than the maintenance cap. You know for meditation this is like a 20 minute per day thing for running it's gotta be like I don't know a 7K at max or a hour long workout. Just something to keep the muscle and you know grow it passively even on off-season. And for music, I feel like there's gotta be that bass exercise that I always do and then like expansion of it. I feel like that's really it. It's not like a difficult thing, but I think it needs more time, put into it as a like stronger, commitment, and like investment into the philosophy of it. But yeah, back to on the other stuff. The more I think about it, the more I realize how much of a sexual thing it actually is. Almost like this way of finding comfort from a time where I had absolutely no control. I felt so hopelessly pressured in every direction that the only way to cope was to create pleasure out of it. And the remnants of all of it are what remain, now seeking the pleasure of being torn asunder limb from limb. The lack of focus and helplessness is itself the pleasure, and I think it's these exact things that drive me over and over again back to burnout

I just hate looking back on the past couple of years and seeing how much it looks like my life's been on pause waiting for her to come save me

Objectives today:
- Run
- Light meditation and practice
- Cook
- Chores
- Review
- Potentially taxes

I have a theory that the way solos work on a micro scale translates to song form development on a mesa scale, which also translates to setlist building on a macro scale. Or at least, the same idea of contours can be used for them and analyzed at different levels

# 04-07-2026

In response to journals: look how poorly the old focus worked. None of teaching, recording, or gigs have grown. Still have only run a half marathon. Meditation is still exactly where it was 2 years ago. Nothing has been given its season and instead has been expected to grow constantly. Growth has happened, but it could be better.

Reach out to Florence, Asymptomatics, Atticus, Parking Garage, etc just to ask how they started getting gigs #ideas #bandleader

Reach out to local drummers (eg Aaron White, Tate, other groups) and offer free lessons for the meantime #ideas #teacher

Set up jam sessions with Matthew, Ian Cook, Isra, etc #ideas #bandleader

# 04-08-2026

With the 80/20 rule, not every week can be peak. Not every day can be peak. 80% of the days need a relaxed pace without strain. Only 20% (1-2 days a week) should be a push. That's how to prevent burnout and unnecessary stress. 

I really haven't been writing music

Tip to tip #reccomendation
Wendy Outdoors

# 04-09-2026

Practice hand/foot coordination with rudiments #ideas mine might be shit tbh

An interesting idea moving forward is beginning to see live performance settings as practices, but I think finding a way to see them as dilligence is really important

I feel really stressed after work today. It just feels like a toxic environment now. Brandi started asking about like loneliness and cuddling and stuff. It was cool hearing her nearly ask about it. 

There was something new at work today. Everyone was touching me more. I'm not sure if it was just heightened sensitivity, or if I just wasn't avoiding it for once, but it was nice. Electrifying even. 

The resistance I have to like external opportunities is trading diligence and experience for their financial equivalent and stagnating. It's built on this internal belief that progress and development only happen in the practice room. Even seeing the people around me, I haven't seen a lot of them grow in years. And I think back to Habersham and all, I probably didn't get better at drums the entire time I was in college (at least not in any way I recognize). A lot of it was because I didn't have that external practice. I had almost exclusively the performance aspect, and I don't think it improved me. On one side, I wasn't looking to improve, but I worry that even if I wanted to in those times I couldn't. Idk. And now I still see that in the indie scene, a lot of people writing, performing, etc but none of them doing anything original or improving. Just more of the same.

I think that process also operates under this assumption that that mindset even carries up to the top levels. Like watching all the TikTok or reel drummers, all I can think to myself is they incubated in a conservatory and lack the dilligence to actually succeed. As a way for distinguishing myself and believing that I have what it takes to be better.

# 04-10-2026

You don't get better playing against bots. You don't get better only playing in a vaccuum.

I guess what I'm trying to say is moreso how I'm feeling now is the same as how everything in my life felt a couple of years ago before everything fell apart. I was in grad school, I had the same aching I have now,. It's like this me against the world feeling, like I'm

The only one that matters, I'm superhuman, and everyone is looking at me to be the hero. Like I'm putting on a show. But then I'm all alone on the stage. And it feels so hard to be the person I want to be, because no one around me expects me to be him. Or like no one acts like I'm already him. So I'm desperate to hold up this identity that no one around me either cares about or believes. It feels like they're looking for reasons to bring me down on the mud.

# 04-11-2026

It was refreshing today, deciding to have a simple practice, then transcribing the full intro to the song and starting learning it. It makes me feel comfortable, safe, and trustworthy that even on a low energy day where I don't want to practice, learning music is something I enjoy without seeing it as a sacrifice. 

I handled stress differently today. I could actually see it, most likely thanks to the more consistent meditation, as being a result of the workout. And so I tended to my body the rest of the day.

I keep getting this vision now of a version, I guess the next version who is more of an adult.  Like I think about the last time I was on my own and it's like an evolution of that where I take all I've learned and I'm not able to be out on my own again and like maybe living in Atlanta being around runners and musicians and and stuff and I'm able to continue growing with Eavan just like 20 minutes of meditation or an hour long practice and it makes me wonder if in this next week… It's hard to explain what I'm thinking right now. Like it feels like the past three years and probably longer than that, but it feels like in this period. I've led myself to believe that I had focus on these other things. Like I had focus on music and exercise and meditation. That I was getting better at all of them. And I mean I was, I don't want to downplay that. But I feel like I would have improved more if I had focused on one at a time. I think with everything being like a competing focus, I was able to like jump between all of them and like kind of push each the limit, but never really making huge strides. And like what I mean by this is like you know, I think I averaged like 3 workouts a week. And even when I was you know pushing myself to practice a shit ton. I was still only really averaging about 10 hours a week and I'd probably get like you know an hour of meditation across seven days. And all that really means is like I think I've tricked myself into believing I was doing much more than what I was doing. I don't really mean that in a bad way, just in that I think I was confusing busy with being productive. And I guess the way this wraps into what I'd said the beginning is like… I don't know how to explain it right now.

Write book about the transformation from dreaming of something to becoming that thing (like whiplash), specifically about the rise of a musician in the current world (which is weirdly not out there) starting from childhood to adulthood #ideas or even better, make a concept album out of it. Especially amidst all the conflict in the world

# 04-12-2026

A lot of the… Urges are kind of coming back again. A new forms. I'm not really mad that they're here. I'm just I guess like frustrated with myself because I keep caving. Some part of me feels like the caving is actually contributing to like my distance with people again. Maybe it's not that but I feel like recently you know I haven't really wanted to be social or do anything I'm kind of just doing what the plan tells me to do. I'm in granted my workouts recently I've been more diligent and so more intense and I may not be eating enough to satisfy them. But it's like I did a really hard run today and I didn't feel anything afterwards. You know I'm used to feeling some sense of achievement every time I do something hard and now I just feel nothing and it doesn't stop me from doing it, but it does kind of make it hard to want to keep doing it. And I really think it's a lot of just burn out but still.

I don't know. I guess I just wanted to know why I feel the need to do it again. If it's a stress thing or a numbness thing or something. Cause I do feel like the whole dopamine baseline is changing for the better, if for no other reason, then every time I do finish now it's like 10 times as good as it ever was.

I guess it's like there's this level of pride right now, and defensiveness. It's hard to even start to talk about it because it's particularly about like women. And I feel like like what's happening is I am becoming more attracted to them not even necessarily like… I don't know where I was going that. It's not just a feet thing anymore. It's all of them. And I guess the temptation to do something about it keeps growing. But I feel like there's this conflict in my head about the shame behind sex or relationships and the damage in the pain that comes from them. But it's like an all avenues. I feel like I'm having to throw my hat back in the rain. Like I've been sitting on the sidelines for a couple years to gain composure and to change things and now I'm having to re-enter the workforce and relationships and you know money problems and, at least this way I'm doing it my way. I guess what I think is happening is that with all these urges coming out again I'm having to you know Jack off to calm them or prevent them. Like confidence and self-esteem don't seem like the issue anymore. Like I don't have any problem with eye contact or you know leaving space in conversation. Honestly, I don't even have a problem with like staring at them anymore. And I guess it scares me because all I can see right now. Is this premonition of like letting loose. Of becoming a whore, you know like a typical rockstar people come out to us after a gig and all I'm doing is soliciting blow jobs and hook ups. Like last night that was what I caved to, that exact fantasy. It's kinda all started at work because recently we've had like six people on the floor at the time and I'll be the only guy, and I don't know that's… It's a lot of temptation. And I don't think I've ever let myself see you does that before but that's what it feels like now, even if not, all of them are people that I would like. Want to be with it's just the fact that there are flirtatious moments with every single one of them. And I guess I feel guilty about it because I don't really wanna get with any of them for one reason or another. But I feel really guilty or even like ashamed of these moments I have them with them because… I don't really know. It's like the playfulness is harmful to me. You know it's a lot of mocking. And then it's a lot of touching, and I feel like they touched me that way because they think I don't get any ideas and it doesn't do anything to me and maybe that's what I thought but every single moment that like one of them like laser finger on me I get a little bit excited and that one part of my brain starts looking for signals of like oh do they like me do they want me to yada yada yada? And then there's days like today where I come to the belt line and half the reason I want to be here just so I can like stare at the woman. Like I feel I guess so starved for that kind of affection. And I guess the last time I was here that when everything was just happened and before that was close to before, that was Haleigh it's like I don't know. I feel like it's constantly denying a need, but I hate the consequences of like filling it. And I just feel really guilty because every situation where I could even imagine doing something about it feels like I've been taking advantage of someone or that you know I'm walking into a bad situation like I don't trust anyone else to like handle themselves in that way or on the other side by having a genuine relationship feels too much right now so I'm like stuck in this limbo of like wanting to do something about it with almost every fiber it might being and having to like hold myself back and all it's doing is creating this fucking shit storm in my head and before the way to deal with it was Jack off when you take that option away it's like… I feel like a dope fiend. Like I'm getting to a point where I might just do anything to get that high again and that's the part that scares me. As I think about like what my parents would think or my brothers are my friends or anything like I don't wanna be one of those people, but is that just being a dude? Is that just the nature of having a dick? Or is it the nature of being human?

You know the earlier sentiment I had was that I was afraid I was leading them on. But the more I stick with this more, I realize it's nothing to do with leading them on, it's that I'm afraid to admit that I really only want one thing from them.

I think it's like in becoming someone who is responsible for the world around him and creating some. I don't know a place to live in a structure in all this stuff. I've just start being honest about the things I want and what I'm willing to do to get them and I feel like when I'm sitting in a place of like courage or peace or joy or whatever that is something that aligns with everyone, but when I'm sitting where I am now from a place of like a shame or guilt or depression it's not about what other people want. It's really just about getting my own rocks off, but I feel like I also have to accept these things while they don't like to find me you know that they're there. You know those thoughts are there those fantasies are there.

One thing I think I have to be real about. Is that idea… It's that when I see people who are in a relationship or you can just get around or always looking to be in a relationship you know I shame them and I pity them and I feel like I'm jealous of them you know cause I mean obviously I want that like I want love I wanna be or I wanna be in a relationship I wanna I don't know. I wanna have sex and I don't wanna have to feel bad about it like wanting those things but I do I feel like I justified by saying you know I'm the type of person that's going after like achievement and I mean there is legitimacy to like not wanting to be in something that's gonna be draining. Part of it I guess get into something that's gonna take a lot of investment you know and it's like one place that I feel like I've shot myself in the foot so my relationships have just been fucked up. I think I just made it hard on myself to. I don't even want to try.

It is kind of like hopelessness that resolves itself into I think stalking and like manipulation even now I was just at REI there was this cute girl in there. I think she was looking at me too, but you know I was just staring and kind of following her. It's like I tell myself I can't have a relationship or I don't want one and so what I end up with instead is like circumventing a relationship you know not having one with real intimacy or anything but edging one the same way I would like edge masturbation. It's like getting close, but never never finish it close enough to get that feeling that ever. You're actually doing anything about it. I feel like it's another place we like my parents have just worked so hard to I don't know in their attempt to in grain healthy ideas. I think all that was in grain was a sense of shame for relationships. It's a non-hot in this misery of not actually having either a courage or even really the knowledge of how to do it and feeling like I've missed my opportunity to even learn, and I feel so ashamed of the intimate aspect of it, which mind you is one of the more important ingredients of a good relationship that I can't get it anywhere, but it drives a wedge and what I think would otherwise be pretty healthy relationship. It's like I'm stuck in this web of denying myself something that would normally be healthy. Then only getting it from people that make me feel ashamed of myself. Jess was probably the first person that showed me that it could be a healthy thing.

it probably doesn't help that I've frequently it's subject to groups of women who outwardly complain about men. This isn't the first time I've come across this but… I am a man like I don't know. I feel like I have been so caught up being friends with women and like I feel ostracized and it makes me have to like think about every decision I make around them, but like I'm a dude and I like women and I want to be able to talk to them and not be creepy about it. You know I hate that you know I always like hung out with them more now. It just makes me feel like it. You know ashamed of having wanted any of that first place.

It feels like all I've ever done is focused on myself, on creating the circumstances that would deliver those opportunities to me. Instead of hanging the courage to change the world, or even interact with it and try, all I've done is create a magnet with no charge. Almost like I've disobeyed the laws of society by attracting women to the man in a world that expects the opposite, and the same can be said with gigs. And one way of justifying this has been making it a hopeless point to even ask someone out if I were to talk with them, or otherwise villainizing the prospect of finding someone attractive

I'm trying to be conscientious of the fact that all of these thoughts are coming out from a place of low energy, so like it's not always going to feel like this. 

The catch 22 of it all just kinda sucks. And it's something I feel like I probably need to deal with

What is the goal of all this talk? Idk, I guess to figure out why masturbation is still a problem? Or why I'm so bothered by people chasing after relationships and jumping between them constantly? Then also why sex is so taboo for me or at least why it's so shameful, especially compared to other fantasies. Or why including myself in the sex always amounts to taking advantage of someone.
￼
It's like a lot of times I have to be the victim in the fantasy or else it's taboo

Redirecting the energy towards creation really does help. Maybe that's what that energy was meant for to begin with. Just wrote this really cool piano line and got good energy out on the kit

Now seeing that I don't need to be going through a breakup to write good music. If I take the horny energy, or really any stress or emotion, and translate it to instruments, then I can create all the time. It doesn't need to flow from thought or singing first, just sitting and playing is enough

