If  you're anything like me, building and abiding to structures you set for yourself is the most arduous task in the world. Not only is building a consistency and self-trust a difficult part, but knowing how and what to include/exclude makes the dask ever more daunting. Its like...okay so thinking about writing a song right? The approach that I, and I'm sure many others, have taken before is to fiddle around enlessly until  you come up with a riff, a drum lick, anything that you can get your hands on that sounds catchy. From there, you follow the idea here and there seeing where it will take you. You probably have done this a couple of times so that you have multiple ideas for different riffs. You start mixing and mashing these together until you inevitably have separated components that when put together form a semblance of a song. Eventually you work on transitions, making everything sound good, making another instrument's part, and what you end up with is this beautiful amalgamation of noise called Music. Every part of it makes sense to you. Why wouldn't it? It came from your brain and you've been playing it over and over for the past two years just trying to make it make sense. You go to show it to your friends and...they don't get it. They didn't hear the flute ostinato at 2 minutes in that gives YOU goosebumps. They didn't even last the 7 mintues that it takes for your song to grow into fruition. So you're left kicking yourself. Why didn't they like it? It's amazing! You poured your heart out. They just don't understand it. They don't understand you. You have every right to resent them afterwards. You didn't feel heard. You opened up to them and they didn't understand it. So that's that song. Maybe a different song? You go through the same process again. You get the same result. You do this for 10 years, wondering why no one ever wants to listen to your music.

I want you to stay with me, because I think the solution is simpler than either of us think. What if the problem is that it's lacking structure from the offset? Now, I'm terrified of structure. I always have been, but I'm trying not to be. The more I explore it, the more I see the advantage of it. I've always thought that structure was limitation in a negative sense. It was a way to limit freedom by restricting possibilities. BUT creativity itself is not unlimited freedom, it's how we create within the confines of restriction. In this sense, structure is more of a common agreement on how we create. A painter paints on an easel. Jazz improv almost always takes place over blues, AABA, or ABAC forms. Almost all stories you hear either follow a three act structure or the Hero's Journey. The skyscraper doesn't place any restrictions on the type of business that can be performed inside. It's all a common language. When you look at art not just as the action itself but instead how structure helps to shape different emotions, genres, or communities from a larger perspective, it makes the creation process so much simpler. 

I think where this clashes with the creative process is in creating with intention. When you approach art with the intent and know who you're creating for, then you have to also know the structures that are familiar to your audience.  

---

I don't like how complainy this is. How do we make it more inspiring to those who struggle with the same thing? THATS WHO ITS FOR. It's making me realize how defeatist my language is. 

---

Why I disliked structure.

Structure creates a different kind of freedom. When you're so used to micromanaging the creative process, it threatens your role and your identity. No longer are you the one responsible for every stroke, now you must commit to a vision and see it through. You have to learn new tools for what works and what doesn't. It requires commitment and a consistent desire to succeed. It requires forethought. Planning. When you're so used to living day to day, on the edge of *something*, it makes it seem like you were accomplishing *nothing*. It feels like conforming, when it's really communicating more effectively. 

It feels like a waste of time at first. When you have so little trust from all the plans you've made that have fallen through, the projects left unfinished, the marathon which always seems a year away, and the life you've failed to live that every second spent planning feels like "what's the point?" It's defeatist mentality. I can't accomplish today's task, so why would I be able to accomplish tomorrows? But then you realize the time would've been wasted anyways. If not for the structure, the plan, you would've spent those minutes or hours playing video games, fiddling around on the drum set, or laying in bed watching Seinfeld. At least with this plan, it feels like you're wasting it positively. You're even enjoying it more. You have the energy to do those things AND play video games. So why not take the 10 minutes to come up with something? Anything is better than nothing. Misguided or ill-informed intentions still move you to action, enough to make mistakes and learn how to guide these intentions better. So why not give it a shot?

So you fail. You build something, and it breaks. You run 3 miles more than you were supposed to, and injure your knee.  You still don't trust yourself enough to meet intentions, yet you see the target and push way too hard. You disobey the structure you'd made to remain "in control." You fail over and over and over and over. Each time learning a little bit more about what works and what doesn't. Each time admitting you know less than you thought you did about what you set out to accomplish. But you made a pact with yourself, and you were going to accomplish it.

You begin seeking help. It takes $1000 and 8 weeks for the physical therapist to tell you that you are skipping leg day too much. You begin to understand yourself better. It takes two years of posting videos on TikTok to realize you've never been a fan of the platform and posting to it has never helped you. Everything adds a new building to your structure. A new system to your machine. A new limitation to guide your creativity. Now theres 3 days of running and 2 days of weights. Instead of practicing rudiments all day, you learn Art Blakey's "Moanin'".

You spend enough time in structure and you realize there's not enough room for every structure. Then, it requires decision. Everything can be done with intention, so what is worth doing? What dreams are worth achieving? Who is worth helping? Who do you have to cut out of your life to get that energy? You have to build towards something, so what is worth building towards? When do you get a break? The struggle for purpose suffers you. Your once blind optimism now begs for something tangible, and you realize you know nothing about accomplishing the goals you set to achieve. 

...

Structure was never meant to restrict your freedom. It's there to reinforce the identity you want to embody. Having a goal to me always meant a north star to work towards, whereas structure was an obstacle. I see now that structure is the pyramid you build to reach that star. It's the way we reduce chaos and create clarity in a world that was built to do the opposite. It's pointless to run a marathon. It's identity changing to *become a marathon runner*. The structures you have to build in the form of habits, coaches, training regiment, community, knowledge, and energy management are the real reasons that I and anyone else does it. It's about the people you meet along the way, learning how to diet properly, overcoming the mental challenges of having to run in the rain, and so many other things that grow us. The structure is the exact thing that shapes us. 