The purpose of stage 4 meditation is to overcome strong dullness by slipping
into a state of stable dullness, overcome resistance to pain by treating it
objectively and using it as a focus during meditation, and cultivating
meta-cognitive introspective awareness by becoming more aware of the movements
of the mind.

Monkey mind is also a problem at this stage, where trying too hard to force
attention on the breath will cause focus to inevitably slip. It's important to
recgonize when this is happening and respond to it by expanding the area of of
focus to reduce the tnesion. The main problem here is *endurance of focus*,
you're training the mind to focus on the breath for longer periods of time, so
it's important to find that middle ground which creates relaxed effort.
Overstraining the mind leads to losing meta-cognitive, introspective, and
overall awareness and leads to a loss of focus. 

Pain becomes an object of focus at this time. Various pains will begin
arising--both physical and emotioanl--as a product of the stillness. This is
the minds attempt at creating gross distractions to try and move our attention
away from the object of focus. For physical pains, it's important to remain
objective of these pains. Pains from physical ailments should be distinguished
from those that distinctly arise during meditation. As an example, a known
arthritis should be dealt with through the care of a physician, and any
accomodations needed to prevent exacerbation of the pain during the meditation
should be done. Recurring pains during each meditation should be made note of
and allowed to persist during the meditation, and preventitive care should be
provided (in the form of pillows or other positional aids) prior to each sit.
Neglecting to accomodate these pains is neglecting the dilligence required for
meditation. But aside from these recurring pains, a number of pains or itches
with unknown origins may occur during meditation. It's important to treat these
pains objectively, trying not to allow them to distract them from your focus.
If they become overbearing, intend to focus on them instead, allowing them to
become your primary focus. Doing so helps to strengthen the focus and overcome
dullness and distraction. When focusing on it, become aware of the subtleties
of the pain. Where does it originate? How would you describe the pain? Is it
itching? Tingling? Radiating? Strong? Blunt? Sharp? Using these neutral
adjectives helps to create a distance, observing the pains without identifying
with them. Inevitably, the pain itself will subside as our resistance to it
falls away. When it does so, return to the breath. Doing this practice over and
over again will train the mind to stop resisting physical discomforts and
instad just alert you to their presence.

During this stage, it's also possible for emotional traumas to come back up
again. It's important not to identify with these feelings and instead allow
them to flow through you as...idk


## Questions

1. Is it true that stable dullness should be achieved during this stage? What
is the difference between stable, subtle, and strong dullness and how they can
be detected?
2. How are subtle and strong dullness overcome? Is it simplpy a matter of focus
and intention?
3. He begins to talk about how physical pain is a symptom here, yet I feel like
I've hardly experienced this. Why? Or at least, I have experienced it yet have
neglected it?
4. Alot of the stuff I'm writing feels like I'm just recalling the book without
having understood or truly experienced any of it. How can I put more of this
into my own words? Most of it seems like I haven't actually attended to these
things dilligently, so I can't speak from experience. Makes sense why I haven't
progressed as far as I'd thought.
6. Who am I describing this to? I feel like I'm just rewriting the book without
understanding what I'm trying to convey?
