# 08-04-2025

I started writing this in my journal, but I feel like this is a conversation. I'd rather I guess they talk out only because I think I don't know giving it to chat. GPT might be a good thing but also it just helps me to deal with it in different ways. I feel like I've been circling around this for a long time, but I just I feel ashamed being a drummer. It's weird because like I don't know I don't feel like this conversation is going to change my direction at all like I think at the end of the day it's still what I see myself doing and what I mean I know that I want to do and I'm willing to be wrong about that if it comes to it, butI find my happiest moments in life are always around the drums. It's like each time I come back to try to trust this. I find myself getting distracted or trying to avoid it or something rather but like it I mean, truthfully I am ashamed to play the drums. I'm ashamed that my career path is around music you know that that I'm trying to like make a living Profiting off of numbing people's minds. Which isn't at all what it is it's just I don't know. I feel like I keep looking for a reason and reasoning to want to sell what I do you know to enjoy what I do to feel like me teaching other people it helps them to grow in somewhere shape or form. I keep wanting to believe that what I'm doing is important But I don't. I feel like I'm constantly trying to justify it in my head like what I do and what I wanna do and even if it feels like it's the only thing I can do and the only thing I truly give that amount of my life and that amount of my time to is just I just don't know how to justify it like I don't know how to tell people when there's a war going on and when the government is the way it is and you know when I could be making money that what I do is I teach people how to hit things you know just trying to justify it to find more reasons to enjoy it more and like I do like you know going to jazz jams I feel inspired or listening and studying music. I feel inspired or progressing when I talk to people about music I feel educated about it. It's just when I think about trying to sell what I do you know like to tell people I teach drum lessons to try to show up for an audition to try and record music with people like everywhere I go I feel like shame. It used to be that I felt burdened in different ways like I think it used to be that the question was you know why me of anyone you know why does it? Why do I deserve to succeed or why should I be chosen to record something when there's someone else available you know why do I deserve this? Why do I deserve that even if I don't but now the question isn't like as much about deserving it's just it doesn't make sense to me to want to do this and to put so much time and energy. I know it when I don't know I guess the money is never gonna be good for some reason it's become a focus. I guess just because it's an insecurity of mine, especially being around people that are wealthy is hard to want to tell people that that's what I do you know like it feels like a restriction to my career my love life my friendships. It's like a area of insecurity that I don't know how to deal with it like I don't know I just I guess I wanna get to a point where I see what I'm doing as being critical you know like see what I'm doing as is being as like important as a doctor or a lawyer or a surgeon or CEO because it feels like having that level of authority or respect or something like that lends itself to having just a surgical precision about what you do and I want that on drums but it's so hard to find value in that or to want to share that with someone else and I just I guess I feel like I'm just cynical and insecure and I'm frustrated with how long it takes and annoyed with the whole process because it feels like there's always something you know right now like my struggle is I don't know like I guess it's nice that the things I struggle with now are different. You know like a year ago it was the question of whether or not I deserve this and now it's a question of how do I truly believe that this has a value or that what I'm doing for people creates value like I guess now it's good that the question isn't if I deserve it so much as it is what can I do to make sure that I deserve it, but this shame has always been here and I think it just goes under different names and I don't know I think in getting into selling and persuading and trying to build this as a business. I'm having to confront this fact that like I don't know how to justify what I do I don't know how to have a good conscious telling people that yeah I played drums for a living I make art I'm an artistic fucker who's really emotional and it just creates so much insecurity right now it's like an elephant in the room that I keep trying to avoid and it's just it doesn't go away and there's always this part of me. That's like it would be so much easier if I just got like a well paying job that I could mindlessly slave away for eight hours a day just so I could have the money and the security of telling someone that I have a stable job so I could be more of a provider. It's just it sucks feeling like I'm such a mooch or a leech or a maggot and I think part of it is that I put so much on this thing as being the only thing that stands between me and you know financial security and a relationship which are deeper areas in my life that I still have to deal with, but I don't know I just I hate how this feels. I hate feeling like I'm ashamed of what I love to do feeling like I have to be closeted about the fact that I'm a musician I don't work on airplanes. I don't shoot people in war when I tell people what to do. It's for music you know it's not for anything necessary for survival. It's just entertaining. It takes your mind off of things. It helps you to connect to other people you're really just fucking sucks it's like I feel like I need to go through this I just I wanna be with the shame and the guilt so I wanna feel like I'm doing something important and memorable and it just doesn't feel like I am. I feel like I'm being a coward and like I'm fighting this war on art and like I'm losing.

I dont really want application right now like I know the letting go procedure I just feel myself trying to numb trying to escape or trying to rationalize it all when I just know the truth and it makes me feel right now like I hate drums not genuinely but I hate the fucking world we live in and how it makes us feel ashamed to pursue art like what I’m doing is unimportant or stupid or something I hate that my whole family fucking perpetuates the delusion of fiscal importance over happiness I hate it all right now I hate feeling ashamed of what I love I hate that I feel like selling lessons is just fucking manipulating people into giving me money for something I see as being so fucking worthless like what I do is worth nothing what I provide has no value and I give nothing to society nothing to people either than disappointment and disatisfaction and I’m just ranting but I’m so fucking angry at how much this has fucking plagued my life how for years now I’ve been dealing with the fucking emotional toll of having parents who made me so fucking scared all the time who didn’t teach me how to function like a normal human being who made me afraid to chase my dreams for never teaching me how to stand up for myself for apologizing for my existence for never teaching me how to even talk to a girl for making me avoid eye contact and now I resent them for it every time I sit with them I’m stressed because I have all this pent up rage and frustration towards them for how they created me how they treated me how they grew me they hurt me I was their fucking kid and my dad abandoned me both of them expected the fucking world of me without ever teaching me how to do a god damn thing I had to learn it all on my own and I’m fucking sick of them thinking they did such a good fucking Kobe because every time I sit at a dinner table with them or anyone else in my fucking family I have to sit on the fucking edge of my seat the entire time because the look they give me that fucking look they act so fucking worried about me as if I don't know what that means as if I don't know that they'd wished I'd taken the easy way the fucking corporate sell out route the path where I mean nothing and am nothing fuck them fuck them fuck them fuck those fucking cunts. 

"There is medicine in what you do. You just don't get the luxury of seeing the MRI after you play." Redefine what it means to "do something important." Start crafting a personal definition of value that has nothing to do with capitalism, war, or hierarchy. What you think makes a life well lived. What you think art is for.

No desire to be nice right now, doing it out of habit

In trying to get a ride to the airport, it really opens my eyes to how much money stresses me out. Like I was so ambivalent about the bus vs subway va uber dilemma because of cost and urgency. If I wasn't so worried about money, I'd have taken the uber to begin with. Even just being around these guys, I'm reminded "how far behind" I am. In the sense that they're like at least 3 years ahead of me financially. Not a terrible thing, but our spending patterns and priorities definitely reflect it. I just wished I'd had had more to be comfortably generous with.

Realistically if I'm wanting to post 3-5 videos a day, I could actually just post progress videos of every category

It's been good in some ways and bad in others. I'm coming back from this trip with the same kind of mental change that I felt coming back from California. I think it's growth in that it's with other people this time, but it feels that way. I feel like a new direction is on the horizon and I'm still mentally trying to process everything. Like the seeds have been planted for a whole new line. It's so much different than like a family vacation. Those ones are known. Somewhat predictable. Lots of love, lots of recovery, but not always the life changing reflection I need. There's too much similarity there, too much comfort. A risky trip like this or California is much more...experiential? Expensive for sure, but being in a place I've never been before opens my eyes up to new cultures. Being around people I've never been with does the same, but in an inner circle kind of way. It's hard to explain it in any other way than it feels like a type of soul food or fertilizer, kinda of seeds for whole new life directions and whole new risks.

Not a terrible idea is to offer Evan marketing services in exchange for room? Or something like that

In business you either trade capital or trade rates. Eg you can either outright buy an EKIT OR you can, with the assumption of a fixed income rate, trade it for a loan. If it's a $3000 drum kit but financing is $200/month for 15 months and I'm making $300/month, then yeah that's a pretty reasonable deal. The question at that point though isn't whether or not that option would actually INCREASE the RATE.

I think it's all because there's a lot of anger still inside. From Amy, Jess, my parents, other exs, etc. so much fucking anger in my system that my hearts become cynical

I evade eye contact when it feels like I'm trespassing

I feel so cynical right now. I always feel a little bit of it. I think I get it from my parents. I want it to go away, it harshes my vibe

I look at her for validation, to see if she's looking at me. The hotter she gets, the more of that validation I look for. I want to be able to just look at her to admire her.

Vacations like this would be better if I routinely saved up, so that I could REALLY focus on just having the best experience without worrying about money 

Always having a trip planned is a good way to keep the post-trip grief away

Trying not to spend too much time on like mental health stuff right now since I'm in my last couple hours out here and want to savor every bit of presence I can get from it. But I think the biggest takeaways from this weekend is there's such a difference between what I think I need to work on versus my practical weaknesses, like being here it's much more obvious the attractive and magnetic qualities I need to work on (especially being surrounded by other dudes) versus the ones I think I need to work on in the vacuum of isolation. Like having friends around is a form of confidence AND social proof.

Still, I had a hard time telling the dudes I loved them. A lot of issues this weekend stemmed from dad I think

An important part of beginning to see what I do as critical is to recognize that right now, I dont

Want to be alone on my last day in New York. It's weird, I the version of me I want to be would've made plans to hang with new people when everyone else leaves, or even hang out with others more. Like I understand that I feel happier and more connected with others, and They would seek connection instead of solitude. But this old version of me is still clinging to walking around the town alone. Not lonely, but listening? Socially recovering? Idk really 

It's like I realize more and more that I love being around people and want to connect with them and be with them more. But the idea of walking around town alone and being with my thoughts feels really good today. Kinda this mental conflict between rest and outreach when outreach is the real challenge 

TikTok's need to be a daily thing now. Doesn't matter too much as long as it's progress vids but I've got enough of a setup and confidence that I don't feel like there can be any excuses any more

I feel so fat rn I wanna run I wanna lose weight so bad and it's so hard to do it here but the longer I'm here the more I understand the kind of habits I need to make it work

Talking to that girl has to be the highlight of my trip, but also the biggest wake up to deepening that kind of connection with people, because even though I got the conversation started I couldn't connect it to the outcome

But it's all so conflicted right now because every time it gets to nighttime and I'm high in the city, I see how easy it could be to always want this. I began seeing the escapism for what it is. I understand how Amy could want to always be high because it just numbs the world. It's so simple. You just do anything to get that button clicked. And it doesn't matter what people think. It makes me feel so dark

# 08-05-2025

It's okay to have a mindless day today. I'm recovering and grieving and I need it.

Getting students is still my #1 problem right now, so that needs to be the priority. Flirting with how I can build financial models though to save more money, eg the **cost** of loans via future contracts versus saving (ie the premium). Well and now I'm also thinking about all this debt I have to pay off. Wouldn't it make more sense, instead of paying the monthly amount, to get delayed interest credits, pay the monthly minimum payment, save the rest of it in an account with a guaranteed rate, then at the last minute liquidate and cover costs?

I feel like I'm Too exhausted to like actually keep ranting. Idk. I feel better now but I also feel like there was a lot uncovered in this last rant that I don't quite know how to deal with. Like all the stuff with mom and dad. I feel like that's the truth of the disconnect I have with them. But idk. I'm also bored and stuck on this plane so it feels like emotional work is much better than anything else. If nothing else, it's the two parts are blame and resentment towards my parents, of which I feel deep shame for having in the first place (but don't deny existence of), and feeling shame for being a drummer--akin to the shame of someone coming out of the closet or telling the truth after lying for so long? The parents one especially hurts. There's also the layered cynicism which ironically I think comes from
My mom. I feel like there's some kinda pleasure thing involved in all this too. I mean even off the bat, the joy of putting the blame on them is that I don't have to take responsibility for my own failures in money and relationships. I get a scape goat, an easy pass. I get to stay small and let them do all the work for me. And when shit gets bad, I get to keep blaming them for my failures. Like every time drum stuff falls, I get to point at them and say if you hadn't fucked me up so much then I'd be successful by now. If you hadn't taught me to manipulate, I'd still have Jess. If you'd taught me how to socialize, I'd have had more friends. I could've been content to a simpler life if it wasn't for you. It makes me sick thinking this way. Gut literally feels bad and my eyes are watering. But it's true. Every time I fail I blame the two of you. I look even at my career of being a musician as a middle finger to you guys. This big reward that is evidence of your failures. Something you have to tell everyone about. I hope it brings you as much shame as it brings me. I hope you're as hesitant as I am to talk about it. I like the idea that you have to watch me fall, over and over. That I'm doing all this for your attention, affirmation, just fucking something. I'm doing this because I want you two to take control of me. To slap me awake. To come in and fucking take control. To tell me what to do. To take away my autonomy and my freedom again. I don't want it. All I want is for you to tell me what to do. But all this career is is revenge for all the ways you messed me up. All the trauma you gave me. I hope you find this all out one day so I can stop hiding just how much I fucking resent the both of you. I hate your smugness. I hate how little you care. How hands off you are. All I ever had was guard rails.

Writing all that out, the shame around drumming makes sense. Like building a career out of it. It's like...idk. It seems like the shame comes from blaming them. For not taking responsibility for my own growth. Kinda passively doing it and hoping someone else takes the wheel. For seeing all my shortcomings as their failures. For seeing myself as being behind and incompetent and worthless. I blame them, or at least my dad, for all those things, and I think the connection to drums is all rooted in the way dad had tried to keep me silenced in reactive rage. Not really forgiving them? Idk. I'm having a hard time articulating. 

I guess it's like the shame comes from the fact that I'm using this career as leverage? Like building it out of spite? For attention in a way. Like I only feel motivated to grow it when I think I'm losing their attention. There's this part of me that's completely spite driven here and I see it so clearly, almost like the career is tethered by the part that's attached to it. Like I WANT to fail here. To continue spiting them for all that I blame them for. To keep hurting them in a lot of ways. Instead of making any genuine attempts to grow, I constantly sabotage in order to stay small and make them conscious of their failures. Make them admit to them. Until one day one of them finally admits that they messed me up. That they hurt me. They failed me as parents. That one hurts to write. I hate this blame. This shame. It hurts a lot. I feel so burdened by it. But in existential kink fashion, I think I have to also admit that I love it. I love holding it over them. I find pleasure in that sadistic play of "how long can you watch me burn." How long does it take until you finally intervene and for once in my life give a shit about me dad? All I want is to get even so you have to feel the pains I felt growing up with you. 

What else do I need to explore to exorcise the drum shame and further exorcise this blame and resentment towards my parents? 

Part of it all tied to Jess too, making the decision somewhat to spite her. Embarrassment partially comes from this being impressive to no one but Jess (in my head) so there's a lot tying this down since it seems pointless to throw points into something I'm insecure about and "uncommitted" to, saying that because part of me is looking for someone to take care of me so I can give up. In other words, I'm specifically growing this for her in a lot of ways, even if that's not the primary drive.

What does a rock version of the jazz 1-take concerts look like? That's what I want to do.

I just want to be proud to be a drummer. To love it. To wake up everyday and feel like what I'm doing helps people, even though right now it very scarcely does.

The eye contact challenge is really just to hold it longer than them. I haven't got to what to do if they hold it back.

# 08-06-2025

Debt planner needs
- 5% APY savings
- Intro APR transfer card
- Close vacant accounts (NAPA and one Capital One)
- Projected timeline, way to stay accountable (ie rules)

Get back on track tomorrow. Start the day at 9 AM with short meditation (20) coffee + walk Mu (45) then planning (35)

The cool thing is that now a lot of times the diligence is something that I do regardless of how I feel. Like it's just matter of fact "this is what has to be done." I also find myself moving faster which is nice

# 08-07-2025

Turn Broken Place into two songs, one is just a jazzy instrumental (that solo part, potentially a Brazilian piece) and the choruses should be...something else. I still love that part but it's not useful right now. Also Invisible Monster can be shorter. I think the whole bridge is a bit redundant. A REALLY fun idea would be to rearrange the song so that the solo is right after the second verse, have it be really syncopated (lapse-esue) and follow a Son Clave but in a mess-with-your-head kind of way. Have that lead into final chorus that goes out with a bang. Ohh but listening to the OG I do love it, but idk contextually it also doesn't fit at all. It kinda breaks the flow, especially coming after the fucking build up. Looking back on the song though, some of the like psychological stuff is so cool. Like the transition from the main verse line to the "I don't have the luxury..." is like a clouded mind--with how busy it is--unveiling the shadow's thoughts. Yeah listening to it more, that bridge is so out of place

Why do I delay texts even when I have an answer?

Music business isn't any different than any other business. You're creating connections and seeking to give the highest value to them. Let them do all the marketing by showing work to friends. In that regard, I'm getting a lot more confidence with my own work and am not really wanting to share it with others. The main resistance is finding people to record and getting the money together

PayPal savings is already 3.8% APY. Only problem with the plan right now is it's contingent on getting ALL of my money out of the travel rewards card, or else I'm still dealing with a 19.99% APR. There's also some risk in not being able to hit a payment. So I think what I need is to figure out minimum payment options on both sides:
- Definite minimum payment for each month
- Minimum payment required to meet deadline


TBF, the simplest version of this would be to do it piece by piece. I.e. different plans for each card? Even better if the savings pipeline can be automated, but I think this requires a stricter budget which I already have trouble sticking to. 

Wait? I why don't I put all short term savings in there? Like car insurance, maintainence, emergency fund, etc?

What needs to be practiced? Need to figure this out

I feel like I'm fully in an incubation period right now. Where I used to feel so much resistance to all my habits, now I just do them fairly autonomously. There's no pain really, it's just a matter of fact "this is what I have to do to get where I'm going." It makes me feel strong. Like He is guiding my diligence.

# 08-08-2025

What do I need to setup from here?
- Savings accounts
- Direct deposit from SBUX each month, or auto transfer. Preferably deposit though so I never get to touch it. Subtract min payments from here OR get auto credit card payments from this savings account.
- Open credit lines with auto pay
- Monitoring system

Intentions:
- sick resting
- Financial planning
- Practice

Starting to trust what people say more. Most likely a result of being honest more, but it's making it easier to promote myself in the sense that when people say they like something I've made, I believe them AND I invite them to experience more. Did this with Brandi today because she liked a song and said now wants to hear more

I'm slipping into a lot of like I guess mindlessness again and I'm not entirely sure why like a lot of regressed habits maybe not regress some witches ones that haven't fully formed I say slipping, but it's only been today basically I woke up. Had a good time actually when I wanted to like an hour and a half before a shift, I got a meditation in. I made some coffee I went to work and it was a long day at work and I think I may be pushed myself too hard afterwards I mean, I ran, which was amazing but then I also had to practice and post stuff and I don't know whenever I posted everything on social media. I just fell down this hole and then my grandparents brought me pizza which I shouldn't have eaten. I should've asked for like a salad and then I masturbated to like I guess like older stuff I didn't finish my laundry and at no point during the day have I really just sat down and dealt with emotion my back's been in pain and I felt kind of sick and it's now 10 PM when I have to work at open and I guess I'm just trying to figure out where it went wrong I think trying to practice after five really or be productive after five just kept me running I think I also didn't stop drinking caffeine until like one so that probably has something to do with everything. I'm just frustrated because I need to lose weight or I wanna lose weight and I wanna get back to her but ever since I got back from the trip, I felt a little offkilter, even though I don't really wanna go to bed yet I don't think I'd be able to fall asleep, but I also don't wanna like read her journal or do mental health stuff like I'm tired. It's like all I wanna do is watch some thing play a video game like I don't really have energy I'm not sure what I'm lacking unless it's just sleep. I feel like I'm might be avoiding something that I don't know. I feel like that's usually what it comes to whenever there's mindnumbing happening is I'll be avoiding the pain of dealing with something and right now. I don't know what that is. I feel like I'm just looking for that button to be pressed you know like because I posted a video I keep checking for views or likes or whatever or watching the video. I'm being really critical myself. I don't know I watch it and I don't think I'm good. I don't really like how it came out I think it's progress but it's still not great. I'm just I guess like all frustrating. My back hurts so bad I feel like I have to re-ground myself or re-center and I'm having a really hard time doing that because I feel like it's gonna be just painful like I wanna go to bed, but I don't wanna wake up tomorrow. I don't wanna put in the work to get inspired again or to treat myself well again or have a higher standard again and I feel like tomorrow's not gonna be any better just because I'm gonna be really tired, but I don't know that for sure I don't know. I just wanna watch something. I wanna record on my songs like Noah sent me a text today made me really happy and it was just that he always listens to the door and I think like I'm just sitting on at least an album and I'm frustrated because I don't have the money to pay people to do it. I don't have the people to want to do it with me. It's like it's something that I can't do alone and I don't know how to ask people for and I'm frustrated because I wanna grow the lessons business and I don't have energy today to do it, I've been taking a lot about like the transient nature of life recently how temporary it all is and how we only have so much time and I keep asking myself if I'm spending it wisely or if there's better things I can be doing and I always think they're better things but that's the battle with resistance is where I desire better yeah I think I pushed the boundary today and listen to myself when I should've. I pushed the boundary that was there for a reason and I'm facing the consequences of it and make a big part of it is the amount of sugar I eat from all the fucking sweet cream that I need to stop eating God I fucking hate being surrounded by people that don't give a shit about what they eat it just it all pisses me off right now because I don't feel like I'm eating that much different but I'm gaining weight in fact it feels like I'm eating better then I was before but still I'm somehow gaining. I don't know maybe I'm delusional. Maybe I'm eating poor not keeping track of it so that's probably a big part of it. I just need to make sure that I'm actually paying attention to what I eat cause it's just it's just gonna get worse if I don't like I'm not even trying to stay in budget in a lot of places this is just frustrating. It's like whenever I get into this mindset like the exact one. I'm in like all that shit goes out the window and I'm I don't know how to deal with it. I feel like there'ssomething else like emotional under the surface maybe all the stuff that came up last week with mom and dad, I don't know.

Mind numbing rn. Why?
- too tired for productivity 
- Don't want to sleep
- Don't want to deal with emotions
- Robbing sleep rn

MINDLESS DRONE ENDS TOMORROW. Lack of prioritizing health is killing sleep schedule, motivation, cleanliness, etc. it might hurt but it's also necessary. Possible also sick. Desperately need to track diet, weight is sickening

# 08-09-2025

I've been missing Her a lot recently, but I feel like every practice and masturbation are times when I commune with Her. The most recent masturbations have been more like…idk. They're a lot nicer, but it's like she's clung to me the entire time. We're almost attached in this dance. I don't complain to Her as much as I just feel part of something in Her presence. But there's also a very maternal aspect to it. A lot of times I feel like I'm lying with my head in Her lap, looking up at Her and watching Her just do something else? Almost like she's carrying me around as an infant and every once in a while she pauses to coddle me, coo at me, or play with me. I think it connects a lot to the other size fantasies because I used to always imagine Her playing with me in Her shoes, with pause to scrunch me and make sure I knew she was paying attention to me even if she was doing something else like walking around. And when it's more traditional, the fantasy now is around Her riding me and pulling my head up to suck Her tits. Or kissing me repeatedly in between words. Curious to hear your thoughts

Book one paid day at a local studio and invite 2--3 songwriter friends to record their track with you on drums (free for them, portfolio for you). #ideas #business

Now that I charge to play, it's crazy to me that I not only did it for free, but that others expect me to do it for free

How to, as a leader, ask someone if they intend on doing something that hasn't been completed without assuming it they weren't going to do it?

I'm not persuading them to buy the experience. I'm persuading them that their life would be better, with a little less suffering, with me in it. Price is just the value. What other health benefits can I find to drumming? It all needs to be more scientifically backed

Hey Austin!! Totally down to help, would love to play with yall! I can learn up to 3 hours of music as early as a week in advance, and most of my prep goes into making sure that I can create the best experience possible for you, the band, and the audience. I’ll provide my own kit + mics and once I get the setlist down we’ll set up a rehearsal to make sure we're all on the same page. 

For gigs like this, my normal rate is $100 plus travel. Since it's in Athens, that would come to about $262.40 for prep, rehearsal, performance, travel, and gear. Since you're a friend, I'm knocking the performance fee in half -- so the total for everything comes out to $212.40. 

If all that sounds good, I'll block off the date and start locking in the set! Otherwise I can connect you with some other drummers that might be able to help out.

# 08-10-2025

I think I'm realizing that in part of working with where I am is to stop looking for gigs like hours away and instead find people right where I am and book cover gigs in the area that way like I have a way of consistently having gigs set up that provide provides like another stream of income, and it gives me an opportunity to work with more like businesses in the area for that sort of thing. And this thing can extend to wherever I move just finding a place and making sure that I'm constantly booking work on the weekends. This sort of thing also helps with networking because if I'm just playing at a show where we background music like it brings people who are looking for that kind of set up to me.

Need live activity for the app that shows how long the current practice has been going on for and what the next exercises or even just the current exercise exercises that needs to be focused on  #musicrunna

Tomorrow has to be a big recovery day because I'm definitely still sick and it's just it's making everything else hard to do. I can't think straight I can't focus. I can't work diligently. In spite of that though today was actually a fairly productive day even when it was just kind of a break, I found that instead of like flocking to entertainment or video games right away I actually decided to practice which is really cool. Not just like a casual practice, but I went and did a bunch of diligent stuff like I did swing exercises and then I did like triplet exercises and then I broke down one of the comp examples. I'm trying to learn so I'm actually really proud of myself because it's starting to really get ingrained in my mind That these things are projects that I can work on and they don't all require like high energy input to do them you know like working through the songs I can just pick a section and loop it for like 30 minutes to an hour with some mindless stuff on in the background And really go at it and just get the muscle memory good which is actually really exciting. You know like I'm happy that I'm finally at this point where I'm starting to take a lot of what I do Mohr seriously more professionally and like in preparing these things for the Internet or even for myself, I'm trying to get like a better sense of mastery I think of doing so I'm understanding a lot more of Like how to break things down and how to better work on them like with this piece. There are sections that I obviously can't play and so I'm trying to build up the skill set to play those sections well but it's like once I can play them then it's more about recording what I'm playing listening back to it and breaking down like you know what what are the actual issues that I need to work through, which seems to be working well and I read Joey's book. I wouldn't saw Noah play corn hole. You know I spend a lot of time with family and I still have this defensiveness and resistance with them but at least I was there and I tried and I'm really tired, but I don't wanna go to bed yet and I don't know if I'm just like not listening to my body. I don't think I got enough exercise, which I'm like trying to get over whatever this fucking thing is.

