# 05-26-2025

Strengthening my intentions seems to be somethign I really struggle with during #meditation

Want to open mouth more when I talk

What is a quick video on jazz bass drum?  - Talk about history (tuba alternation in ragtime, backing the bass, then dropping bombs)

What EK work do I need to acknowledge the attraction in our dynamic?

Experienced deeper attraction/connection with Zoe and Kevin

Teaching people gives me leads on what to explore with people. Like Amanda wanting to learn more about music theory makes me want to learn more music theory to guide her. I bet this applies fully to marketing #insights #teaching #music

Did a good job of recognizing when I was obsessing over Brandi and detached from her #progress need to make this a major priority right nwo

My big insecurity is that they're leaving me out because they don't like me - I'm too much for them

The best way to have power is to give more to others #insight

Really need to work through - Limiting beliefs around excitement - The tension-release trauma and what parts of it I enjoy

Everything is really weird right now. I feel somewhat numb to the pleasures I once had. Nothing about shrinkage or women's footwear really seems to be turning me on anymore. At least not in the way it used to. And attraction is changing. I'm just confused about what I find pleasure in, or if pleasure is even something I care about now.

# 05-27-2025

The main problem I have is that I know nothing about sales right now. If I was good at it, I could turn *any* prospect, even strangers, into clients. But I lack confidence here. Or any solid strategy for that matter. No script especially #sales #weaknesses

It made me so fucking horny when she put her head in the nape of my neck. Almost just popped a boner right then and there. But there's a weird high that comes when she gives me attention. She told me about the dream she had, with what she thinks was an arranged wedding and how I was in a lot of it. I could tell there was missing details here and there. But I noticed that the high nulled out the jealousy. It was still there, but it was much duller. Almost like it was hidden. There's obviously still a lot to work through, especially with how much I paid attention to her when she wasn't helping me. Almost like the fact that I was drowning, couldn't talk about it, and she was obvlivious to it, made it all the more attractive to my attention. #attachmentissues

It's weird how emotionally painful masturbation is right now. Like all I think about is much more loving stuff. Compliments, vulnerability, mutual ownership. But there's a pain in my heart with it all #attachmentissues #progress

Trying to recenter around her is really fucking difficult. It's like this mountain is standing in the way and I have to push it. There's this painful voice saying if I don't stay attached, she'll leave me. She'll stop paying attention to me. I'm beginning to see the narrratove play out, what I find "attractive" is the attention she gives me. She told me she dreamt of me last night and she was super attached to me. There's something so intoxicating about what she said, but I can tell deep down that It's not genuine attraction so much as it is reaffirming the attachment

The good thing is, all the pains/frustration I'm experiencing right now are growing pains. It's the discomfort of TRYING even if at first I don't succeed.

What I want to offer is expert level insights to beginners. But it makes me want to sit down much more and figure out how to explain insights such as fluidity, control, creativity, etc. I really want to go beyond simple lessons and provide something meaningful.

I really need a better diet/exercise system. I think what I have has too much leeway. I'm beginning to realize that I'm not great at planning, but I'm great at dreaming and doing.

What systems/automations could my life use?

# 05-28-2025

A really simple option for writing drum parts is to write a new part and post it every day. Use TikTok as like a testing ground for them

How to develop more consistent double kick timing (based on hearing Connor struggle) #ideas #tiktoks

I get so much done when I don't lose the momentum from work and go straight into practice. #insights

[Authentic Rumba](https://youtu.be/LOQvzI1A2P0?si=Tzc4vLRqMa0I5e4Y)

There's like a video I wanna make that I'm not really sure how to communicate but what I'm trying to get across is that stick control is all about wrist control and arm control and finger control. It's not really about controlling the stick. You know the laws of physics already determined what the stick is supposed to do if you move it up it goes up. If you move it down it goes down if you let it bounce, it's gonna bounce Most of stick control is about developing the technique to make the make the smallest movement possible to achieve what you're trying to achieve so if you're trying to bounce a stick, it's about putting enough pressure on it going down that it'll go back up and being able to follow that motion backwards with the wrist. You know when this is kind of done executed properly it makes speed easy because you're already doing the smallest movement possible so it's just a matter of developing the muscles needed to go faster, but I don't feel like I'm explaining that in simple enough terms like it feels really complicated you know I think it's like I wanna say that the stick kinda already has the mind of its own. It's not as much about controlling. It is allowing it to move the way it wants to move and just kind of gently nudging it here and having an influence on the stick rather than trying to control it and most of the stick controls exercise at this point are about training your wrist on how to come back up and go down at the right time and you know focus on which muscle groups should be paid attention to you know where should your focus be targeting like dynamic exercises should be focusing on moving the wrist as swiftly as possible with still as minimal movement as possible, and focusing the impact on somewhere in your forearm or upper arm or something like that, just basically focusing on taking all of the impact off of the wrist, but still using the wrist and the fingers in the arm to guide where it's going but I really think I need to think on this more before I make anything with it like I feel like it could be a really good video and really helpful. Kind of especially beginning to share these kinds of insights, but you know I don't think I've developed the voice that I want to convey this stuff yet like I don't know what the right words are and I think that's what I'm trying to figure out right now. To the end stick control is less about moving the stick as it is learning how to react to where the stick goes and how to kind of predict it. It's about learning how much power to put behind it to make it go into a certain location you know if you're trying to do like an accent tap exercise or you're going from your accent in low dynamics. It's about how much power do I put behind it to give it the bounce it needs to go where I needed to go you know how do I get it to bounce from the lowest location to the highest location or how do I prepare my wrist for that kind of movement I guess it's not really about the balance it's you know it's it's confusing. It's learning how to move with the stick you know if or work with as much as you can you know obviously if you're going from taps to like a four TCL accent then a lot of that is going to involve flicking your wrist back and making the I guess that's what I'm getting as it's it's learning how to do micro movements that put the stick exactly where you want it to be. That is a lot of stick control you know for moving between a tap and like a TCL accent it requires flicking the wrist back so that way, the stick moves on The on the pivot point and when you're moving it back down, it's learning how to downstroke it in a way that puts the pressure from the rebound the force of the rebound on muscle groups instead of onto your fingers or onto your wrist. You know in every one of these cases it's not really about Moving the stick or moving against the stick so so much is moving with it. You know kind of like working with water or wind or something like that you're trying to like an example as the buzz roll you're trying to create as many balances as possible basically just putting it on a full room Without putting pressure on your wrist really important for stepping that is learning how to move the wrist with the stick you know it you won't always be able to rely on rebound so it's important to be able to directly guide how the stick is going to move just completely with your wrists, you know and #ideas #reels

I think what I'm trying to convey is that stick control is less about control and more about influence. It's about learning how things like gravity and rebound impacts the way the stick moves and using intentional movement to guide it without relying on these things. This is really accomplished by going slow and training the body to move how you want to move.

The TikTok resistance never changes. Need to just allow it to be there

I lose my momentum whenever I sit down for a break. I think getting out of the habit of taking a break after work is really important.

With the sales stuff, I realize if I wanted it enough, I could definitely sell it. Maybe I'm delusional about that? Idk. Because I see how persistent I could've been in making this camping trip work. I could've talked to other stores, breathed down Jaida's neck, contacted people who could've doubled. It's like there's all this stuff that I could've done to at least put all the odds in my favor, but I didn't. And. I feel like it's the same with other avenues. My resolve doesn't feel strong enough which is why even when I commit, I won't go full force with things. I think it's a question of strength in discipline more than anything. Most of the time it feels like I know the right answer, but I tread water anyway and it just wastes time. It's hard to understand most of the time if I'm actually treading water or developing necessary skills. Like with building the website, it feels like the obvious solution is to get someone else to build it for me so that I can prioritize my time on practice or developing the program. Same with ads, I feel like finding someone else to develop them and conceptualize them for me is a much more efficient use of my time. But I'm conflicted because 1) I don't have the money to outsource these roles and 2) I want to work with local artists or developers and support smaller businesses, but I often don't know who I'm looking for.  There's also this moral dilemma of wanting to make art, music, websites, programs, bootcamps, and videos that reflects my voice and has certain qualities and I'm worried that by outsourcing I'm going to be losing those qualities even though I can't even properly portray them myself because I still have learned how to use my voice in the way I want it to be reflected. Part of it is fear that I won't be accepted for being that way

Part of why I love the Starbucks dynamic so much is because it's that same fantasy of being consensually used and abused. These people jovially order something that puts me into pain, and there's this secret delight I have in that dynamic. I think that's why I've loved service industry for so long, this secret joy in the way they abuse me as if I'm an object. Now that I notice this, I wonder if that's why I'm always so horny when I get off work? #insight #ek

I'm finally allowing better people to come into my life. This whole camping trip with Kevin and Amanda is very revealing, because even when I'm having trouble getting someone to cover, both of them are putting positive pressure on me to look for someone. I can tell they genuinely want me to come with them and that they're much more reliable. Even Amanda is offering to bring food for us! There's a lot of resistance here. I think it's loaded because I'm also afraid to camp again, but I start to notice this whenever I make plans with people. There's a huge resistance to making and then following through because of whatever traumas I've experienced. It's like now that I have people who actually follow through, it's very jarring and it's hard to expect. I try and make it fail half the time. Im used to doing it all alone that now that I have people who actually follow through, people who lead as much as I want to, I feel like a failure and I feel pain. They make the whole process so much easier. No longer do I have to put it all together. I don't have to expect it to fail. I can no longer rely on/expect our flakiness--as a group--to be the reason that things don't happen. Now I actually have to be honest about what I want to do AND accept that a lot of what I want to do is going to take me way outside my comfort zone. I'm having a hard time with it, but I'm trying to push through the pain. The integration process is really difficult. But all of it also feels like a time to practice selling something. Even in the face of resistance, I'm trying to sell a shift, and that's REALLY progress. Even with the pain, I'm trying to follow through. Something like this, selling an event where they'll actually make more money, will help me to sell things like lessons. So that even when I resist it, I'll at least show up. Proud of you today! I feel the spine tingles of an integrating nervous system. #insight #ek #socialgrowth

Casual yes ladder: find multiple yes's in conversation before sales yes #insights #sales

It was just some shit that I need to talk through right now so I'm trying to build up the business side of things you know get this fucking Boot Camp off the ground that I don't even really know what it is yet trying to plan it. I'm just I'm terrible at planning. It's not my thing I don't enjoy it. Kind of sucks But I'm trying to put stuff together and I'm trying to make it sound appetizing. It's a really frustrating position to be in because like all I wanna do is get better drums and it feels like I have to create a world where that's possible you know I'm trying to learn how to become an entrepreneur Build a better world and it just doesn't feel like I'm good enough for it. You know like I don't know I feel more confident I feel more like a brat. I feel like you know she owns me. I don't really feel like a financial burden. I don't know. I feel like I still need a lot more work on this money Thing And it's like do I prioritize that or dealing with Brandy that's a whole of a can of worms I just wanna get better drums and it's like my schedule with Starbucks makes that like impossible. We're not impossible. Just a lot harder. It's like building this website fucking sucks too. I don't know. It's like it's dealing with all these weaknesses. It's like having a vision for what I wanted to look like and it just making it functional. just fucking sucks like trying to make it be what I want to be sucks and it's like I'm trying to build an offer around program that doesn't even exist for people that I don't even know if they'll want it. It's like it's the best idea to like build a huge offer or is it just to get them to sign up for like a waitlist or something or I don't fucking know it's like I'm in paralysis right now. I mean, I think I go back to that you know the war of art says that You know the professional says this thing is killing me rather than you know longing to do it. it's like right now I'm in the creative process of building a business. You know creating an income stream out of nothing and right now that is like the most difficult thing I've ever had to do it. It's very emotional just I'm having such a hard time with it. All I wanna do is cry and get someone else to fucking do this for me, but I don't even wanna ask anyone for help. It's like I don't know anyone or this is already working for them And it's just it's also frustrating because like even my practices aren't great right now like I have no motivation to learn Afro-Cuban because it's so stressful you know like I feel like I've gotten better at how I practice. I've gotten a lot better at how I practice in being uncomfortable and like allowing myself to be uncomfortable when I practice and knowing that that's the key to grow is a fucking suck right now especially with Afro keeping it feels like there's so much ambiguity there and it's like if I write a book I think the most important thing I need to do is remove the ambiguity but it's so hard cause it's like it's there for a reason. It's there for creative challenge and I'm just not being creative enough I think Feel uninspired and I should be asleep right now cause tomorrow's gonna fucking suck. Everything fucking sucks right now it's like I wish Brandy was here to hold me. It's like I keep thinking about her. Tell me about the stream like I don't know if I wanted to see hidden meaning but I felt like I could see The way she was being reserved about it. You know all I could think was like a manner in love with me, especially the way she hugged me. I put her neck her chin in the neck of my neck. I don't know. I'm really stressed out. I think it's like It's trying to be much further than I am like. I wanna be at the end already. I want this to be successful, but I wanna do it in a way that's genuinely helpful and I think right now like it's not that I'm struggling to find my voice. It's that I'm struggling to be The voice. I found because I'm starting to really shape that into an identity like a teaching identity but none of my videos really reflect that and it's not like what I'm doing is bad you know like I still think what I'm making is good and I think what I'm making is helpful But I just don't feel like I'm there yet cause it's like I guess you know what I practice now I feel like what I get done in an hour. It's like but I would've gotten done at like three hours a year ago you know it's much more efficient. It's much more painful but it's smarter. It's like I feel like I need to write about that or talk to people about that you know like I feel like efficiencies is something I can really talk about and I don't know how to make that for beginners and then there's all the money stuff. I don't remember where I left off with it. I don't feel like I touched on it deep enough you're not like what did I even go over or whatever how my friends are poor as rich as I am, how are you like to spend money? I don't feel like that's done anything I mean I feel like the stuff I've gone over has changed my Perspective like I am now asking for money to do what I do and I am like actively building the business now it's not just an idea but still I don't know. I don't know if there's deeper issues right now that are like making this difficult. I'm just kind of fucking annoyed because of like all the fucking waffling it's like first you know it's just drum lesson than now it's and then it was coaching and then it was a Boot Camp and then I was coaching again and it was back to being a Boot Camp and so hard to figure out what I'm trying to do and I think for the reason it's so hard to market is because I've no idea what I'm trying to offer. I don't know how to describe it. I don't know how to do it. I don't know. Maybe I'm just too tired to like actually come up with something just probably most of it like if I did this in the morning probably would be really easy. It's like trying to build this website. I just I see. I judge myself a lot. I just I sit there and I worry about how something is gonna come across instead of just riding with authentic Which is like the antithesis of what I've learned over the past year. I think I'm just I don't know I'm frustrated that I'm doing that. I'm frustrated about a lot of things right now. It's really hard to be present because of them just I've got too much shit on my plate And it's like too many decisions to make and I'm just I'm afraid to commit especially with what I'm doing right now with the offer and everything like I'm too scared to commit because it's like what if I do and I have a better idea especially with how much I'm learning right now like I don't know I feel like really just committing to the four week Boot Camp is the most important thing, but it's also like I don't know. It's also confusing. I don't know what I'm doing. I wish I had help. Nothing seems to work or at least like like my followers are just isn't Try not to leave it to that like I think the difficulty is like there's still so much ambiguity and like I don't really feel like being curious like with this website, it's just like build a website, but I don't know. I feel like all of this can be done with curiosity and I'm not doing it with curiosity. I'm doing it with frustration in pain and tripping over myself and I I think I just wish like You know I could see building this website as like a creative exercise and maybe it isn't so much like I don't know it feels like there's a lot of frustration in pain and creativity for me which is like I don't know like it feels like a fight or like a war with myself Like I can't just be bad at it like I can't just like make a shitty website or you know a bad campaign or something like like I'm trying to start off with five star reviews and it's like obviously I'm gonna be bad at something. I don't have a lot of confidence right now and I'm scared and I feel alone and I don't know what to do and I'm just struggling because it's like I just wanna be done. I'm gonna get out of Starbucks like I'm so fucking tired of being there having to wake up a fucking 430 every day. I just wanna get out. I just wanna get out all I want to get out. It's just I can't take it anymore. I can't take it. I hate it there. The only reason that I'm there anymore is for the people and all the people are fucking leaving. It's like I need this. I fucking need this to work. I'm so fucking desperate. it's like it has to work. I'm so scared that it's not and when I'm done with it I'm just gonna be a fucking failure I'm scared that like two or three years and now I'm still gonna be at the fuck stuck at that fucking Starbucks. I'm just I'm so fed up. I've had enough. I can't. I can't do this anymore. Is the cause of all of my problems right now is that the core of my time and my money and my fucking diet everything like I have to get out like I can't. I can't do it anymore. I needed to work like I I can't fucking take it. It feels like it's so much pressure. You know it's like if this fucking flops then it's like I mean realistically I've had so many things slop already you know like the bands I've been in a flops all the reels flopped YouTube videos have flopped. It's like each time I learn a little bit more, especially from what flops Like I think it'll do better at least have like a following now it's not huge, but it's there like with all this stuff now I don't feel like the limiting factors money so much as it is just pressure. It's terrifying and it hurts and I'm trying to move past cause it's like I also imagine what it could look like if it worked you know like getting to leave Starbucks getting to move out you know having time to do other things like rock climb and get a better fitness coach and get a diet coach and just like have people for all these things You know like having successful YouTube channel where it's like Sebastian log or someone else where it's just this exploratory curiosity style videos you know having reels that are consistent, but also consistent in quality having these online master classes and camps being able to teach clinics like the thought of being able to do all these things to book them to plan them to put the people together for them on my own or not on my own, but like to be able to just say it to someone and make it happen Like that to me is all I want in for drums to be kind of at the center of all of it to do what Benny grabbing treasure Mayer do I mean I think a lot of the lack of motivation comes from where the focus is on that like the vision isn't so much on the drum so much is building a business that helps people I mean drums are centerpiece, but I think recently they haven't been as much. I'm just I'm really scared it would be great to just be able to make an album with my friends to around the country with like a close in a group so like go and shop and jam with strangers to like say I'm playing somewhere and have like 50 people show up. I don't know. I don't know it's all right cause I don't know who I'm writing too so tired. I'm so scared and I'm so done and I fucking hate Starbucks. I wanna move on with my life.

# 05-29-2025

I feel like it's time to actually fucking deal with this whole issue

So I feel like I really need to try and go deeper with this whole fucking issue with Brandy kind of pushing for a relationship or something. She's like telling people on a date and I'm like no we're not. It's a funny issue to have. I don't know I think The pain I'm dealing with is that it's like I do genuinely feel love for her but like everything that I feel like is bringing us together as attachment tension in pain and it's like there's this it's like a simultaneous push and pole going on at the same time. It's like I'm trying to pull her in. I don't know. I don't even know why I'm trying to pull around like I know I'm pushing her away because I don't want this. I don't wanna go through this again. It's like one of the insights I'm having is that like I'm dreading having to talk about this with her cause I don't wanna hurt her Like I have to be the one to reject her basically and I hate that I don't really feel like I have a choice in it. I feel like I've been given a choice in it like we have to talk about it. It's like part of it as I'm trying to look at what are my actual intentions here because Like I think delaying this conversation is a way too still feel this way with someone in the present, you know like I'm terrified that if we have a conversation about it that she's gonna leave the store it's not like that's the end of the world. I'm losing another person And like I have a lot of trouble accepting that I was part of the problem here like I don't want the conversation to go that way like I want to use this as an opportunity to sheep a better friendship, but I don't wanna give up what I already have, which is really selfish And the most confusing part of is like I can't tell if like I'm emotionally drawn to the circumstance really to creating the circumstance or if like if it wasn't for my drama and my attachment problems like if she would genuinely be a good partner like I feel like there's the surface level disagreements you know, political beliefs, vaccination beliefs, food, beliefs, medication, beliefs is that and the other all this stuff that like I'm like OK that's a little whack but at this point who isn't whack it's just it's so hard to trust that like I don't know it's hard to trust what I believe. Sorry to believe anything. I don't know what I want from this. I told her I'd go on this fake date with her. I don't know why I'm trying to it I'm just really scared. It's like I have enough awareness now to realize like there's a much larger abundance you know like I don't need to only get it from her anymore, but like with this situation, all I see is that relationships have always just been pain to me never really been in one where there wasn't this sense of dread and grief and losing myself there's always this pain in my heart around relationships and I think like what's happening in the past it's always The blame for it has always made its way to them, but I don't really know how to live without it because I don't know how I'm ever gonna be able to be with someone like I want to is so painful. I feel restricted feel at odds I feel like All it is is pain and suffering even when there's that joy of being with them, there's always this undertone of suffering and maybe that's always just the people I've chosen or maybe that's just me but I'm trying to like have a greater of awareness of it this time to actually look at it and be willing to deal with it But I don't fucking know what I'm doing and I'm scared and I feel really guilty that I may be leading her on in and doing so I'm also hurting myself you know, but like constantly subjecting my body to this push and pole this tug-of-war like I had this one hand, pushing her away and the other one, pulling her in like it feels like a tornado

I'm so conflicted right now. Brandi got really pushy today, and everyone on the floor went along with it. It made me horny as can be. She was super attached. And like...idk. She was really sweet. She wants to do something romantic. All of it felt so simultaneously repulsive and attractive. Like I want it, but I don't want to want it. I'm so confused about what it is I actually want. It doesn't feel wholesome what we have. It feels temporary. Pleasure, not joy. The. Dynamic is so alluring, her forcing me into something I don't want. I'm trying to sit with the pain this time. To understand it better. It's undeniably there, but it's the EXACT same feelings, same pains, that came along with every previous relationship. It's not getting worse, it's just the same, so it feels like the relationships aren't contributing so much as they are derived from the same underlying narrative. I wish I hadn't masturbated tbh.

There's a lot of sexual tension in the air with Brandi today. There's a level of exhaustion fueling the flames. She came in talking about wanting to move to Savannah and I started talking about my previous situations and she started teasing with how I couldn't control myself around her. She hit the nail on the head. She told me I was cute and loved me a lot. I'm not sure that was some kind of admission or a rejection. And I don't even know why it matters which one it could be.

I understand now why recording yourself is so important. It's like that paradox, you can't both be the observer and the observed. Recording yourself and listening back helps develop an intuition for how something you play feels, which can further educate the groove

The thing I know I have to do that I'm ignoring is playing with more musicians, especially more competent ones

What change am I trying to make? Making expert drumming more accessible to an audience that couldn't go to school for it and weren't given the opportunity to play growing up. I do so by providing detailed paths on what it takes to succeed, after having documented what did and didn't work on my own.

# 05-30-2025

The newest TikTok, I like what I was able to make, but I think I need to focus more on loss aversion over potential benefits. This one I felt like I had a much better time communicating the meditation influences but I'm still not really navigating the vein I want. I want to build more on self-discovery and I don't know how to put that out there. It's getting much easier to make them and I actually quite enjoy it. But I really need to sit down and figure out my niche. Part of the problem is that I don't at all look like how I want to be. I don't dress like it, my practice set up isn't like it, etc.

I want my advice to be less about telling someone what to do so much as what it should feel like

The reason loans > taxes is because of arbitrage. Percent on a loan is often lower than the tax rate (hypothesis, not proven)

Cleanliness = secular confidence #insight

It really does feel like the same as with my dad. Like the people I'm with are like a pet to me. It's weird because I see a relationship with her the same way as I see like a relationship with my dog or even just like how I treat my dog it's like I love her, but it feels like I'm having to parent her And like be the adult I could always feel like I'm dating children and having to take care of them it's never just fun for me. It's always so serious and it's a lot of pressure. It's a lot of commitment. It's like all the sudden when she becomes a partner she's no longer a friend. It's like we're fighting. You know we're enemies on the opposite side of battlegrounds and all I want is to control her and own her and I feel like most reasonable thing to do here is to allow myself to want that But it's so frustrating cause it's like it's it's the same issue that I had in therapy like it hasn't changed in two years and you know I think I went into this a little frustrated but I found a lot more grace and compassion because I have changed a lot and this is an area where I haven't been mindful before so it's like it's a new opportunity to engage with mindfulness and intention It's like I don't want to be that way like I want a relationship to be a partnership where you know this friendship we have continues it just gets more. And I don't really know if that's too much to expect or ask for or if that's what's supposed to be like because I do think there's more responsibility there but I don't think it is in the way that I'm imagining it or that I've done it before but I think I'd be going into it already with a power struggle, but it's not even an external one. It's all inside

The #1 tool for developing self-trust and longevity in my experience has been summarizing my weekly dumps

I think the direction I want to go in is helping drummers find their voice. It's not about the kit you play on, it's about developing the consistency and feeling within the body to recreate your sound on whatever kit you play on.

I gotta figure out how Sebastian does that fucking insane buildup

I'm really afraid of the place I have to go to to deal with this romance issue. I think there's going to be a lot of unresolved things around Jess

Need to figure out my target niche

# 05-31-2025

Playing in public locations like the park is really gonna be a bigger boost to my confidence if I can do it properly. I did it today for the first time and I'm really proud of myself for taking that lead, but it was terrifying and I just did not do as much as I wish I'd done. I think I was in so much of a rush to get in get out and was very unconfident with the whole thing that I just fumbled a lot And made a lot of mistakes while playing, but I think if I can do it more frequently and get away from that kind of stage fright then it's really gonna help me especially with playing bigger gigs and doing auditions and things like that

Yes ladder can be achieved at Starbucks by also asking how they're doing. It might be worth getting better at sales there. There was another insight I had but I forgot it

The big secret to believing in yourself is to keep trying in spite of the feedback. I'm realizing this with the TikTok's: I'm beginning to be more excited and happy with the content I'm creating. Metrics don't necessarily reflect anything meaningful yet. If I keep improving and aligning, the right people will come. It's never going to be an overnight thing, but the more I keep trying the more this shit grows.

